,text,sentiment,clean_message
0,"A very, very, very slow-moving, aimless movie about a distressed, drifting young man.  ",0,a veri veri veri slowmov aimless movi about a distress drift young man
1,"Not sure who was more lost - the flat characters or the audience, nearly half of whom walked out.  ",0,not sure who be more lost the flat charact or the audienc nearli half of whom walk out
2,"Attempting artiness with black & white and clever camera angles, the movie disappointed - became even more ridiculous - as the acting was poor and the plot and lines almost non-existent.  ",0,attempt arti with black white and clever camera angl the movi disappoint becom even more ridicul a the act be poor and the plot and line almost nonexist
3,Very little music or anything to speak of.  ,0,veri littl music or anyth to speak of
5,"The rest of the movie lacks art, charm, meaning... If it's about emptiness, it works I guess because it's empty.  ",0,the rest of the movi lack art charm mean if it about empti it work i guess becaus it empti
6,Wasted two hours.  ,0,wast two hour
8,A bit predictable.  ,0,a bit predict
15,"It had some average acting from the main person, and it was a low budget as you clearly can see.  ",0,it have some averag act from the main person and it be a low budget a you clearli can see
25,This short film certainly pulls no punches.  ,0,thi short film certainli pull no punch
26,Graphics is far from the best part of the game.  ,0,graphic be far from the best part of the game
34,Today the graphics are crap.  ,0,today the graphic be crap
39,This was a flick doomed from its conception.  ,0,thi be a flick doom from it concept
40,"The very idea of it was lame - take a minor character from a mediocre PG-13 film, and make a complete non-sequel while changing its tone to a PG-rated family movie.  ",0,the veri idea of it be lame take a minor charact from a mediocr pg13 film and make a complet nonsequel while chang it tone to a pgrate famili movi
41,I wasn't the least bit interested.  ,0,i wasnt the least bit interest
42,"Not only did it only confirm that the film would be unfunny and generic, but it also managed to give away the ENTIRE movie; and I'm not exaggerating - every moment, every plot point, every joke is told in the trailer.  ",0,not onli do it onli confirm that the film would be unfunni and gener but it also manag to give away the entir movi and im not exagger everi moment everi plot point everi joke be tell in the trailer
43,But it's just not funny.  ,0,but it just not funni
44,But even the talented Carrell can't save this.  ,0,but even the talent carrel cant save thi
45,"His co-stars don't fare much better, with people like Morgan Freeman, Jonah Hill, and Ed Helms just wasted.  ",0,hi costar dont fare much well with peopl like morgan freeman jonah hill and ed helm just wast
46,The story itself is just predictable and lazy.  ,0,the stori itself be just predict and lazi
47,"The only real effects work is the presence of all the animals, and the integration of those into the scenes is some of the worst and most obvious blue/green-screen work I've ever seen.  ",0,the onli real effect work be the presenc of all the anim and the integr of those into the scene be some of the bad and most obviou bluegreenscreen work ive ever see
48,"But whatever it was that cost them so much, it didn't translate to quality, that's for sure.  ",0,but whatev it be that cost them so much it didnt translat to qualiti that for sure
53,"On the negative, it's insipid enough to cause regret for another 2 hours of life wasted in front of the screen.  ",0,on the neg it insipid enough to caus regret for anoth 2 hour of life wast in front of the screen
54,"Long, whiny and pointless.  ",0,long whini and pointless
55,"But I recommend waiting for their future efforts, let this one go.  ",0,but i recommend wait for their futur effort let thi one go
64,I was very disappointed in the movie.  ,0,i be veri disappoint in the movi
65,One character is totally annoying with a voice that gives me the feeling of fingernails on a chalkboard.  ,0,one charact be total annoy with a voic that give me the feel of fingernail on a chalkboard
66,There is a totally unnecessary train/roller coaster scene.  ,0,there be a total unnecessari trainrol coaster scene
67,There was absolutely no warmth or charm to these scenes or characters.  ,0,there be absolut no warmth or charm to these scene or charact
68,This movie totally grates on my nerves.  ,0,thi movi total grate on my nerv
69,"The performances are not improved by improvisation, because the actors now have twice as much to worry about: not only whether they're delivering the line well, but whether the line itself is any good.  ",0,the perform be not improv by improvis becaus the actor now have twice as much to worri about not onli whether theyr deliv the line well but whether the line itself be ani good
70,"And, quite honestly, often its not very good.  ",0,and quit honestli often it not veri good
71,"Often the dialogue doesn't really follow from one line to another, or fit the surroundings.  ",0,often the dialogu doesnt realli follow from one line to anoth or fit the surround
72,"It crackles with an unpredictable, youthful energy - but honestly, i found it hard to follow and concentrate on it meanders so badly.  ",0,it crackl with an unpredict youth energi but honestli i find it hard to follow and concentr on it meander so badli
74,"I wouldn't say they're worth 2 hours of your time, though.  ",0,i wouldnt say theyr worth 2 hour of your time though
80,"I'm glad this pretentious piece of s*** didn't do as planned by the Dodge stratus Big Shots... It's gonna help movie makers who aren't in the very restrained ""movie business"" of Québec.  ",0,im glad thi pretenti piec of s didnt do a plan by the dodg stratu big shot it gon na help movi maker who arent in the veri restrain movi busi of québec
91,The problem was the script.  ,0,the problem be the script
92,It was horrendous.  ,0,it be horrend
93,There was NOTHING believable about it at all.  ,0,there be noth believ about it at all
94,The only suspense I was feeling was the frustration at just how retarded the girls were.  ,0,the onli suspens i be feel be the frustrat at just how retard the girl be
101,"Frankly, after Cotton club and Unfaithful, it was kind of embarrassing to watch Lane and Gere in this film, because it is BAD.  ",0,frankli after cotton club and unfaith it be kind of embarrass to watch lane and gere in thi film becaus it be bad
102,"The acting was bad, the dialogs were extremely shallow and insincere.  ",0,the act be bad the dialog be extrem shallow and insincer
103,"It was too predictable, even for a chick flick.  ",0,it be too predict even for a chick flick
104,Too politically correct.  ,0,too polit correct
105,Very disappointing.  ,0,veri disappoint
107,"I love Lane, but I've never seen her in a movie this lousy.  ",0,i love lane but ive never see her in a movi thi lousi
108,An hour and a half I wish I could bring back.  ,0,an hour and a half i wish i could bring back
111,The directing and the cinematography aren't quite as good.  ,0,the direct and the cinematographi arent quit as good
112,"The movie was so boring, that I sometimes found myself occupied peaking in the paper instead of watching (never happened during a Columbo movie before!  ",0,the movi be so bore that i sometim find myself occupi peak in the paper instead of watch never happen dure a columbo movi befor
113,"), and sometimes it was so embarrassing that I had to look away.  ",0,and sometim it be so embarrass that i have to look away
114,The directing seems too pretentious.  ,0,the direct seem too pretenti
115,"The scenes with the ""oh-so-mature"" neighbour-girl are a misplace.  ",0,the scene with the ohsomatur neighbourgirl be a misplac
116,And generally the lines and plot is weaker than the average episode.  ,0,and gener the line and plot be weak than the averag episod
117,"Then scene where they debated whether or not to sack the trumpeter (who falsely was accused for the murder) is pure horror, really stupid.  ",0,then scene where they debat whether or not to sack the trumpet who fals be accus for the murder be pure horror realli stupid
127,My only problem is I thought the actor playing the villain was a low rent Michael Ironside.  ,0,my onli problem be i think the actor play the villain be a low rent michael ironsid
129,"However, this didn't make up for the fact that overall, this was a tremendously boring movie.  ",0,howev thi didnt make up for the fact that overal thi be a tremend bore movi
130,"There was NO chemistry between Ben Affleck and Sandra Bullock in this film, and I couldn't understand why he would consider even leaving his wife-to-be for this chick that he supposedly was knocked out by.  ",0,there be no chemistri between ben affleck and sandra bullock in thi film and i couldnt understand whi he would consid even leav hi wifetob for thi chick that he supposedli be knock out by
131,There were several moments in the movie that just didn't need to be there and were excruciatingly slow moving.  ,0,there be sever moment in the movi that just didnt need to be there and be excruciatingli slow move
132,"This was a poor remake of ""My Best Friends Wedding"".  ",0,thi be a poor remak of my best friend wed
133,"All in all, a great disappointment.  ",0,all in all a great disappoint
134,"I cannot believe that the actors agreed to do this ""film"".  ",0,i can not believ that the actor agre to do thi film
135,I could not stand to even watch it for very long for fear of losing I.Q.  ,0,i could not stand to even watch it for veri long for fear of lose iq
136,I guess that nobody at the network that aired this dribble watched it before putting it on.  ,0,i guess that nobodi at the network that air thi dribbl watch it befor put it on
137,"IMDB ratings only go as low 1 for awful, it's time to get some negative numbers in there for cases such as these.  ",0,imdb rate onli go as low 1 for aw it time to get some neg number in there for case such a these
138,"I saw ""Mirrormask"" last night and it was an unsatisfactory experience.  ",0,i saw mirrormask last night and it be an unsatisfactori experi
139,"Unfortunately, inexperience of direction meant that scene after scene passed with little in the way of dramatic tension or conflict.  ",0,unfortun inexperi of direct meant that scene after scene pass with littl in the way of dramat tension or conflict
140,"These are the central themes of the film and they are handled ineptly, stereotypically and with no depth of imagination.  ",0,these be the central theme of the film and they be handl ineptli stereotyp and with no depth of imagin
141,All the pretty pictures in the world cannot make up for a piece of work that is flawed at the core.  ,0,all the pretti pictur in the world can not make up for a piec of work that be flaw at the core
142,"It is an hour and half waste of time, following a bunch of very pretty high schoolers whine and cry about life.  ",0,it be an hour and half wast of time follow a bunch of veri pretti high schooler whine and cri about life
143,"You can't relate with them, hell you barely can understand them.  ",0,you cant relat with them hell you bare can understand them
145,"This movie is a pure disaster, the story is stupid and the editing is the worst I have seen, it confuses you incredibly.  ",0,thi movi be a pure disast the stori be stupid and the edit be the bad i have see it confus you incred
146,The fish is badly made and some of its underwater shots are repeated a thousand times in the film.  ,0,the fish be badli make and some of it underwat shot be repeat a thousand time in the film
147,"A truly, truly bad film.  ",0,a truli truli bad film
148,"The acting is terrible, and the writing is worse.  ",0,the act be terribl and the write be bad
149,The only possible way this movie could be redeemed would be as MST3K fodder.  ,0,the onli possibl way thi movi could be redeem would be a mst3k fodder
150,I paid too much.  ,0,i pay too much
152,It was so BORING!  ,0,it be so bore
153,No plot whatsoever!  ,0,no plot whatsoev
154,"Again, no plot at all.  ",0,again no plot at all
155,Horrible!  ,0,horribl
156,Worst hour and a half of my life!Oh my gosh!  ,0,worst hour and a half of my lifeoh my gosh
157,I had to walk out of the theatre for a few minutes just to get some relief!  ,0,i have to walk out of the theatr for a few minut just to get some relief
158,I hate movies like that.  ,0,i hate movi like that
159,"Yeah, the movie pretty much sucked.  ",0,yeah the movi pretti much suck
160,THERE IS NO PLOT OR STORYLINE!!  ,0,there be no plot or storylin
161,"If you do go see this movie, bring a pillow or a girlfriend/boyfriend to keep you occupied through out.  ",0,if you do go see thi movi bring a pillow or a girlfriendboyfriend to keep you occupi through out
162,Awful.  ,0,aw
163,I don't think I've ever gone to a movie and disliked it as much.  ,0,i dont think ive ever go to a movi and dislik it a much
164,It was a good thing that the tickets only cost five dollars because I would be mad if I'd have paid $7.50 to see this crap.  ,0,it be a good thing that the ticket onli cost five dollar becaus i would be mad if id have pay 750 to see thi crap
165,NOBODY identifies with these characters because they're all cardboard cutouts and stereotypes (or predictably reverse-stereotypes).  ,0,nobodi identifi with these charact becaus theyr all cardboard cutout and stereotyp or predict reversestereotyp
166,"This is a bad film, with bad writing, and good actors....an ugly cartoon crafted by Paul Haggis for people who can't handle anything but the bold strokes in storytelling....a picture painted with crayons.  ",0,thi be a bad film with bad write and good actorsan ugli cartoon craft by paul haggi for peopl who cant handl anyth but the bold stroke in storytellinga pictur paint with crayon
167,"Crash is a depressing little nothing, that provokes emotion, but teaches you nothing if you already know racism and prejudice are bad things.  ",0,crash be a depress littl noth that provok emot but teach you noth if you alreadi know racism and prejudic be bad thing
169,Your brain will attempt to shut-down as part of a primal impulse of self-preservation.  ,0,your brain will attempt to shutdown a part of a primal impuls of selfpreserv
170,I was left shattered from the experience of watching this 'film' and I took a good two hours to fully recover.  ,0,i be leav shatter from the experi of watch thi film and i take a good two hour to fulli recov
171,This movie now joins Revenge of the Boogeyman and Zombiez as part of the hellish trinity of horror films.  ,0,thi movi now join reveng of the boogeyman and zombiez a part of the hellish triniti of horror film
172,I certainly do not mean this distinction in a good way.  ,0,i certainli do not mean thi distinct in a good way
173,I mean this in a terrible way.  ,0,i mean thi in a terribl way
174,This film has no redeeming features.  ,0,thi film have no redeem featur
175,Everything is appalling.  ,0,everyth be appal
176,"Artless camera-work endlessly presents us with the ugliest setting imaginable, i.e.  ",0,artless camerawork endlessli present u with the ugli set imagin ie
177,The story is beyond stupid.  ,0,the stori be beyond stupid
178,The script is…was there a script?  ,0,the script be be there a script
179,The kids are annoying.  ,0,the kid be annoy
180,The lead man is charisma-free.  ,0,the lead man be charismafre
181,"Utterly without merit on any level, this is akin to torture.  ",0,utterli without merit on ani level thi be akin to tortur
182,I'll even say it again – this is torture.  ,0,ill even say it again thi be tortur
183,Maybe there would be a reasonable explanation for this atrocity.  ,0,mayb there would be a reason explan for thi atroc
184,Not a pleasant voyage of self-discovery.  ,0,not a pleasant voyag of selfdiscoveri
185,Highly unrecommended.  ,0,highli unrecommend
186,"If this premise sound stupid, that's because it is.  ",0,if thi premis sound stupid that becaus it be
187,"Yes, it's that bad.  ",0,ye it that bad
188,Nothing at all to recommend.  ,0,noth at all to recommend
192,"This movie suffered because of the writing, it needed more suspense.  ",0,thi movi suffer becaus of the write it need more suspens
193,There were too many close ups.  ,0,there be too mani close up
194,But other than that the movie seemed to drag and the heroes didn't really work for their freedom.  ,0,but other than that the movi seem to drag and the hero didnt realli work for their freedom
195,But this movie is definitely a below average rent.  ,0,but thi movi be definit a below averag rent
197,This movie is BAD.  ,0,thi movi be bad
198,So bad.  ,0,so bad
199,The film is way too long.  ,0,the film be way too long
200,This is definitely one of the bad ones.  ,0,thi be definit one of the bad one
205,I really don't see how anyone could enjoy this movie.  ,0,i realli dont see how anyon could enjoy thi movi
206,I don't think I've ever seen a movie half as boring as this self-indulgent piece of junk.  ,0,i dont think ive ever see a movi half as bore a thi selfindulg piec of junk
207,"It probably would have been better if the director hadn't spent most of the movie showcasing his own art work, which really isn't that noteworthy.  ",0,it probabl would have be good if the director hadnt spent most of the movi showcas hi own art work which realli isnt that noteworthi
208,"Another thing I didn't really like is when a character got punched in the face, a gallon of blood would spew forth soon after.  ",0,anoth thing i didnt realli like be when a charact get punch in the face a gallon of blood would spew forth soon after
216,Ironically I mostly find his films a total waste of time to watch.  ,0,iron i mostli find hi film a total wast of time to watch
218,It's this pandering to the audience that sabotages most of his films.  ,0,it thi pander to the audienc that sabotag most of hi film
219,Hence the whole story lacks a certain energy.  ,0,henc the whole stori lack a certain energi
220,"The plot simply rumbles on like a machine, desperately depending on the addition of new scenes.  ",0,the plot simpli rumbl on like a machin desper depend on the addit of new scene
221,There are the usual Hitchcock logic flaws.  ,0,there be the usual hitchcock logic flaw
222,Mishima is extremely uninteresting.  ,0,mishima be extrem uninterest
223,"This is a chilly, unremarkable movie about an author living/working in a chilly abstruse culture.  ",0,thi be a chilli unremark movi about an author livingwork in a chilli abstrus cultur
224,The flat reenactments don't hold your attention because they are emotionally adrift and stagy.  ,0,the flat reenact dont hold your attent becaus they be emot adrift and stagi
225,"And the rest of it just sits there being awful... with soldiers singing songs about the masculinity they pledge themselves to, hairsplitting about purity, the admiration of swords, etc.  ",0,and the rest of it just sit there be aw with soldier sing song about the masculin they pledg themselv to hairsplit about puriti the admir of sword etc
226,"He can bore you to pieces, and kill the momentum of a movie, quicker than anyone else.  ",0,he can bore you to piec and kill the momentum of a movi quicker than anyon els
227,"Schrader has made a resume full of lousy, amateurish films.  ",0,schrader have make a resum full of lousi amateurish film
230,"However, I recently watched the whole thing again on DVD, and I was completely struck by how extremely stupid the storyline was - how it contained holes, inconsistencies and - frankly - a whole lot of crap - and how horrid the dancing was.  ",0,howev i recent watch the whole thing again on dvd and i be complet strike by how extrem stupid the storylin be how it contain hole inconsist and frankli a whole lot of crap and how horrid the danc be
231,"I mean, in a realistic world, she would NEVER have gotten into that ballet repertory... The whole thing was quite pathetic.  ",0,i mean in a realist world she would never have get into that ballet repertori the whole thing be quit pathet
232,The character developments also lacked in depth.  ,0,the charact develop also lack in depth
233,"Woa, talk about awful.  ",0,woa talk about aw
234,Do not waste your time.  ,0,do not wast your time
235,It was just too horrible.  ,0,it be just too horribl
236,"The worst, sappiest dialogue... I could go on and on.  ",0,the bad sappi dialogu i could go on and on
237,But what really made it unwatchable was the direction.  ,0,but what realli make it unwatch be the direct
238,The poor actors.  ,0,the poor actor
239,You can't even tell if they have any talent because they not only have pathetic lines to speak but the director gave them no action.  ,0,you cant even tell if they have ani talent becaus they not onli have pathet line to speak but the director give them no action
240,If you check the director's filmography on this site you will see why this film didn't have a chance.  ,0,if you check the director filmographi on thi site you will see whi thi film didnt have a chanc
241,This would not even be good as a made for TV flick.  ,0,thi would not even be good a a made for tv flick
244,"Regrettably, the film fails.  ",0,regrett the film fail
245,"The movie lacks visual interest, drama, expression of feeling, and celebration of the very patriotism that underlines the narrative.  ",0,the movi lack visual interest drama express of feel and celebr of the veri patriot that underlin the narr
246,No actress has been worse used that June Allison in this movie.  ,0,no actress have be bad use that june allison in thi movi
248,"Unfortunately, this is a bad movie that is just plain bad.  ",0,unfortun thi be a bad movi that be just plain bad
249,"Bad script, bad direction and horrible acting make this one plain bad!  ",0,bad script bad direct and horribl act make thi one plain bad
250,The dialogue sucked.  ,0,the dialogu suck
251,The cinematography-if it can be called that-sucked.  ,0,the cinematographyif it can be call thatsuck
252,The soundtrack sucked.  ,0,the soundtrack suck
253,The acting sucked.  ,0,the act suck
254,The concert sequences just sucked.  ,0,the concert sequenc just suck
258,"Overall, this movie was cheap trash.  ",0,overal thi movi be cheap trash
259,"But this movie is not funny, considering the ridiculousness of it.  ",0,but thi movi be not funni consid the ridicul of it
260,I came out of it feeling angry.  ,0,i come out of it feel angri
277,I'm not sure what he was trying to do with this film.  ,0,im not sure what he be tri to do with thi film
278,If it was to turn my good day feeling into a night of disturbing memories than I guess he succeeded.  ,0,if it be to turn my good day feel into a night of disturb memori than i guess he succeed
280,"It was forced, like everything in this movie.  ",0,it be forc like everyth in thi movi
281,"Again, lame.  ",0,again lame
282,Here's where the movie really pi**ed me off.  ,0,here where the movi realli pie me off
283,And don't even get me started on the jerky camerawork.  ,0,and dont even get me start on the jerki camerawork
284,When I saw it in the theater I thought I was going to be sick.  ,0,when i saw it in the theater i think i be go to be sick
285,Summary: The witticisms weren't witty.  ,0,summari the wittic werent witti
286,"The plot - well, I said I'd let that one go.  ",0,the plot well i say id let that one go
287,The acting was bad.  ,0,the act be bad
288,Really bad.  ,0,realli bad
289,"Even Billy Bob couldn't rise above the script, which was worse.  ",0,even billi bob couldnt rise abov the script which be bad
290,"Camerawork - again, bad.  ",0,camerawork again bad
291,Rating: 1 out of 10.  ,0,rate 1 out of 10
302,I literally vomited while watching this film.  ,0,i liter vomit while watch thi film
308,I'm translating movies for a living and this is the first movie in my 5-year working experience that I found offensive to my intelligence.  ,0,im translat movi for a live and thi be the first movi in my 5year work experi that i find offens to my intellig
309,"But when someone strives for greatness and poetry, but delivers a muddled (and often ridiculous) story, a bunch of disparate scenes, pretentious dialogue... Then you get the worst kind of a movie that some other reviewer very accurately defined as ""pretentious crap"".  ",0,but when someon strive for great and poetri but deliv a muddl and often ridicul stori a bunch of dispar scene pretenti dialogu then you get the bad kind of a movi that some other review veri accur defin a pretenti crap
310,"To those who find this movie intelligent or even masterful, I can only say - it's your intelligence and your imagination you obviously used to try and make some sense of this pitiful attempt (it's in our human nature to try and make sense of things) .  ",0,to those who find thi movi intellig or even master i can onli say it your intellig and your imagin you obvious use to tri and make some sens of thi piti attempt it in our human natur to tri and make sens of thing
311,"One more thing: I can tolerate political incorrectness very well, I'm all for artistic freedom and suspension of disbelief, but the Slavic female character was just too much.  ",0,one more thing i can toler polit incorrect veri well im all for artist freedom and suspens of disbelief but the slavic femal charact be just too much
327,Which has more depth and character than the man underneath it.  ,0,which have more depth and charact than the man underneath it
328,The Malta settings are as dry and as barren as the dialogue.  ,0,the malta set be a dri and as barren a the dialogu
329,This movie is terrible.  ,0,thi movi be terribl
330,"The hockey scenes are terrible, defensemen playing like they're 5 years old, goalies diving at shots that are 10 feet wide of the net, etc.  ",0,the hockey scene be terribl defensemen play like theyr 5 year old goali dive at shot that be 10 foot wide of the net etc
331,"For those that haven't seen it, don't waste your time!  ",0,for those that havent see it dont wast your time
332,To call this movie a drama is ridiculous!  ,0,to call thi movi a drama be ridicul
333,Started watching this but didn't believe in any of the characters.  ,0,start watch thi but didnt believ in ani of the charact
334,In particular the relationship between the bakery assistant and the waitress just didn't work for me at all.  ,0,in particular the relationship between the bakeri assist and the waitress just didnt work for me at all
335,It was a very superficial movie and it gave me the feeling that I was watching play rather than a film.  ,0,it be a veri superfici movi and it give me the feel that i be watch play rather than a film
336,The characters were very 'stagey' and the storyline was a lot like a stage farce.  ,0,the charact be veri stagey and the storylin be a lot like a stage farc
337,By the time the pyromaniac waylaid the assistant I was bored and didn't care what happened next and so I switched off.  ,0,by the time the pyromaniac waylay the assist i be bore and didnt care what happen next and so i switch off
338,Glad I didn't pay to see it.  ,0,glad i didnt pay to see it
339,Didn't laugh or even smile once.  ,0,didnt laugh or even smile onc
340,But it wasn't anything at all just one big yawn...  ,0,but it wasnt anyth at all just one big yawn
347,"But ""Storm Trooper"" is not even bad enough to make it to the list of wonderfully terrible movies.  ",0,but storm trooper be not even bad enough to make it to the list of wonder terribl movi
348,It's just lame.  ,0,it just lame
349,The guy who said he's had better dialogue with his potted plants has it right.  ,0,the guy who say he have well dialogu with hi pot plant have it right
350,Everything about this movie is stupid.  ,0,everyth about thi movi be stupid
351,"Even if you love bad movies, do not watch this movie.  ",0,even if you love bad movi do not watch thi movi
352,It is shameful.  ,0,it be shame
367,"The new characters weren't all that memorable, and I found myself forgetting who was who.  ",0,the new charact werent all that memor and i find myself forget who be who
368,I felt as though her going to Ireland did absolutely nothing whatsoever.  ,0,i felt a though her go to ireland do absolut noth whatsoev
369,"It didn't make me scared, horrified, or make me sympathetic towards the characters; it was simply annoying.  ",0,it didnt make me scare horrifi or make me sympathet toward the charact it be simpli annoy
370,The jerky camera movements were also annoying.  ,0,the jerki camera movement be also annoy
371,The plot was the same as pretty much every other cheap horror.  ,0,the plot be the same a pretti much everi other cheap horror
372,"There was a few pathetic attempts to give the characters some depth, but it didn't really work into the rest of the plot.  ",0,there be a few pathet attempt to give the charact some depth but it didnt realli work into the rest of the plot
373,"I guess it was supposed to be clever twist, then shed some light on the situation, but it was just stupid.  ",0,i guess it be suppos to be clever twist then shed some light on the situat but it be just stupid
374,"If you see it, you should probably just leave it on the shelf.  ",0,if you see it you should probabl just leav it on the shelf
378,This totally UNfunny movie is so over the top and pathetic and unrealistic that throughout the whole 90 minutes of utter torture I probably looked at my watch about 70000 times!  ,0,thi total unfunni movi be so over the top and pathet and unrealist that throughout the whole 90 minut of utter tortur i probabl look at my watch about 70000 time
379,Lucy Bell is so much higher than this crap and for her to sink this low is quite depressing.  ,0,luci bell be so much high than thi crap and for her to sink thi low be quit depress
380,All this movie does is make you sick watching all these slackers make excuses for their stupid actions for 90 minutes.  ,0,all thi movi do be make you sick watch all these slacker make excus for their stupid action for 90 minut
381,"God, and I can never get that 90 minutes back!  ",0,god and i can never get that 90 minut back
395,Almost all of the songs in Cover Girl are old-fashioned and not very tuneful.  ,0,almost all of the song in cover girl be oldfashion and not veri tune
396,The most annoying thing about 'Cover Girl' is the way in which Rita Hayworth is put up on a pedestal.  ,0,the most annoy thing about cover girl be the way in which rita hayworth be put up on a pedest
397,"Unfortunately, 'Cover Girl' is an example of how Hollywood used to exploit women for financial gain.  ",0,unfortun cover girl be an exampl of how hollywood use to exploit woman for financi gain
407,I couldn't take them seriously.  ,0,i couldnt take them serious
416,I am a fan of his ... This movie sucked really bad.  ,0,i be a fan of hi thi movi suck realli bad
417,Even worse than Ticker!  ,0,even bad than ticker
418,& That movie was bad.  ,0,that movi be bad
419,"Only like 3 or 4 buildings used, a couple of locations MAYBE, & poor hummh!  ",0,onli like 3 or 4 build use a coupl of locat mayb poor hummh
420,It just blew.  ,0,it just blow
423,Now we were chosen to be tortured with this disgusting piece of blatant American propaganda.  ,0,now we be choos to be tortur with thi disgust piec of blatant american propaganda
424,This show is made for Americans - it is too stupid and full with hatred and clichés to be admitted elsewhere.  ,0,thi show be make for american it be too stupid and full with hatr and cliché to be admit elsewher
425,"Almost everyone involved must be return to school, acting is utterly predictable and bad, script is pile of garbage all round.  ",0,almost everyon involv must be return to school act be utterli predict and bad script be pile of garbag all round
426,"I wish I could enter negative values, admins?  ",0,i wish i could enter neg valu admin
427,"The sets are so bad, they wouldn't look out of place on a Thunderbirds episode.  ",0,the set be so bad they wouldnt look out of place on a thunderbird episod
428,"The use of slow-motion needlessly repeats itself throughout the movie but is well backed up by bad acting (and bad is a kind word here), no continuity, scenes that are thrown in for no reason whatsoever, vehicles that looked like they were made from a Corn Flakes box and a directorial style that bordered on stupidity.  ",0,the use of slowmot needlessli repeat itself throughout the movi but be well back up by bad act and bad be a kind word here no continu scene that be throw in for no reason whatsoev vehicl that look like they be make from a corn flake box and a directori style that border on stupid
429,"Oh yeah, and the storyline was pathetic too.  ",0,oh yeah and the storylin be pathet too
430,I hate writing bad reviews about films - especially those in which I really like the star - but this film is so bad I don't believe for one second that anyone could have been proud of it.  ,0,i hate write bad review about film especi those in which i realli like the star but thi film be so bad i dont believ for one second that anyon could have be proud of it
431,I am not a filmmaker nor am I a director but I would hide my head in the sand if I'd spent whatever amount of money and time on this movie.  ,0,i be not a filmmak nor be i a director but i would hide my head in the sand if id spend whatev amount of money and time on thi movi
432,In short - this was a monumental waste of time and energy and I would not recommend anyone to EVER see this film.  ,0,in short thi be a monument wast of time and energi and i would not recommend anyon to ever see thi film
433,It came free with a DVD player I bought but I still turned the thing off halfway through because I was embarrassed for Howell.  ,0,it come free with a dvd player i buy but i still turn the thing off halfway through becaus i be embarrass for howel
434,1/10 - and only because there is no setting for 0/10.  ,0,110 and onli becaus there be no set for 010
437,"But the acting--even that of such professionals as Drago and Debbie Rochon--was terrible, the directing worse (perhaps contributory to the former), the dialog chimp-like, and the camera work, barely tolerable.  ",0,but the actingeven that of such profession a drago and debbi rochonwa terribl the direct bad perhap contributori to the former the dialog chimplik and the camera work bare toler
439,"Yes, I am simplifying things here for the sake of brevity, for this really is at the core of the problems with this film - it has too much going on without any real, fulfilling explanation.  ",0,ye i be simplifi thing here for the sake of breviti for thi realli be at the core of the problem with thi film it have too much go on without ani real fulfil explan
441,"But the convoluted plot just didn't convince me, and much of the film was watched with a weird, questioning glance.  ",0,but the convolut plot just didnt convinc me and much of the film be watch with a weird question glanc
442,"I let my girlfriend talk me into seeing this - bad idea, we both hated it.  ",0,i let my girlfriend talk me into see thi bad idea we both hat it
444,"Bela Lugosi was totally extraneous, intoning odd lines.  ",0,bela lugosi be total extran inton odd line
445,"The acting was decidely wooden, though no worse than a period Universal B movie.  ",0,the act be decid wooden though no bad than a period univers b movi
450,"Wow, what a bad film.  ",0,wow what a bad film
451,"Not frightening in the least, and barely comprehensible.  ",0,not frighten in the least and bare comprehens
452,"The plot doesn't hang together at all, and the acting is absolutely appalling.  ",0,the plot doesnt hang togeth at all and the act be absolut appal
453,Not even good for camp value!  ,0,not even good for camp valu
454,"I wasn't expecting Oscar material, but this?  ",0,i wasnt expect oscar materi but thi
455,You'd have to have the IQ of particularly stupid mollusk not to see that one coming.  ,0,youd have to have the iq of particularli stupid mollusk not to see that one come
456,This film (and I use that word loosely) is an insult to the movie-going public.  ,0,thi film and i use that word loos be an insult to the moviego public
457,If only someone involved with it knew how to string together narrative!  ,0,if onli someon involv with it know how to string togeth narr
458,"This gets a 1 out of 10, simply because there's nothing lower.  ",0,thi get a 1 out of 10 simpli becaus there noth low
459,"This is one I did not have, but I watched it recently on Fox Movie Channel, and was very disappointed.  ",0,thi be one i do not have but i watch it recent on fox movi channel and be veri disappoint
460,"I know he was a contract player with little control over his scripts, but the acting was as bad as the script.  ",0,i know he be a contract player with littl control over hi script but the act be as bad a the script
461,"Victor McLaglen was even bad, and Brian DonLevy was almost unrecognizable.  ",0,victor mclaglen be even bad and brian donlevi be almost unrecogniz
462,"Considering the relations off screen between Taylor and Stanwyck, it was surprising how little chemistry there was on screen between the two of them.  ",0,consid the relat off screen between taylor and stanwyck it be surpris how littl chemistri there be on screen between the two of them
463,But the premise of the film was so ridiculous: that the President of the U.S.  ,0,but the premis of the film be so ridicul that the presid of the u
464,The death row scenes were entirely unmoving.  ,0,the death row scene be entir unmov
465,The only thing worse than Taylor's acting was Stanwyck's singing.  ,0,the onli thing bad than taylor act be stanwyck sing
466,"Whatever the producer was going for, he missed entirely.  ",0,whatev the produc be go for he miss entir
469,"A cheap and cheerless heist movie with poor characterisation, lots of underbite style stoic emoting (think Chow Yun Fat in A Better Tomorrow) and some cheesy clichés thrown into an abandoned factory ready for a few poorly executed flying judo rolls a la John Woo.  ",0,a cheap and cheerless heist movi with poor characteris lot of underbit style stoic emot think chow yun fat in a good tomorrow and some cheesi cliché throw into an abandon factori readi for a few poorli execut fli judo roll a la john woo
470,Even the squibs look awful.  ,0,even the squib look aw
471,At no point in the proceedings does it look remotely like America.  ,0,at no point in the proceed do it look remot like america
472,"The plot, such as it is, is so derivative and predictable that the ending is like a mercy killing.  ",0,the plot such a it be be so deriv and predict that the end be like a merci kill
473,The awful dialogue and hopeless overacting by everyone who gets shot top off a real waste of space and time.  ,0,the aw dialogu and hopeless overact by everyon who get shoot top off a real wast of space and time
474,"I was very uneasy with how bad this movie was, but not scared at all.  ",0,i be veri uneasi with how bad thi movi be but not scar at all
475,The dialogue is composed of things that make little sense.  ,0,the dialogu be compos of thing that make littl sens
476,"About 30 minutes of footage is wasted to show mediocre elderly actors awkwardly babbling overwrought pseudo-Satanic gibberish corny enough to make a teen Goth blush, almost always in Olde English, and sometimes in Latin that may or may not be made up words.  ",0,about 30 minut of footag be wast to show mediocr elderli actor awkwardli babbl overwrought pseudosatan gibberish corni enough to make a teen goth blush almost alway in old english and sometim in latin that may or may not be make up word
477,The directing is sloppy at best.  ,0,the direct be sloppi at best
478,"Hackneyed writing, certainly, but made even worse by the bad directing.  ",0,hackney write certainli but make even bad by the bad direct
479,"Of course, the acting is blah.  ",0,of cours the act be blah
480,The acting by the whole cast could be put on a scale and balanced perfectly between overacting and underacting.  ,0,the act by the whole cast could be put on a scale and balanc perfectli between overact and underact
481,"And, FINALLY, after all that, we get to an ending that would've been great had it been handled by competent people and not Jerry Falwell.  ",0,and final after all that we get to an end that wouldv be great have it be handl by compet peopl and not jerri falwel
488,"I particularly remember my senses being assaulted by strident cords of music that would blare out with very little warning, and even less meaning.  ",0,i particularli rememb my sen be assault by strident cord of music that would blare out with veri littl warn and even less mean
489,It is just the sort of pap that is screened in the afternoon to punish the unemployed for not having jobs.  ,0,it be just the sort of pap that be screen in the afternoon to punish the unemploy for not have job
505,About ten minutes into this film I started having second thoughts.  ,0,about ten minut into thi film i start have second thought
506,About half way through this film I started to dislike it.  ,0,about half way through thi film i start to dislik it
507,"By the time the film ended, I not only disliked it, I despised it.  ",0,by the time the film end i not onli dislik it i despis it
508,What this film lacks is a convincing script.  ,0,what thi film lack be a convinc script
509,The script looks as if only a rough draft was written and shooting began before a finished script was completed.  ,0,the script look a if onli a rough draft be write and shoot begin befor a finish script be complet
510,"Things happen, characters personalities change, plot twists occur for no real reason other than that script calls for it.  ",0,thing happen charact person chang plot twist occur for no real reason other than that script call for it
513,This is probably the most irritating show I have ever seen in my entire life.  ,0,thi be probabl the most irrit show i have ever see in my entir life
514,It is indescribably the most annoying and idiotic show I have ever seen.  ,0,it be indescrib the most annoy and idiot show i have ever see
515,Everything about it is just bad.  ,0,everyth about it be just bad
516,"I could not understand, what kind of idiot would produce this mess in the first place not to mention several season.  ",0,i could not understand what kind of idiot would produc thi mess in the first place not to mention sever season
517,"The script is bad, very bad – it contains both cheesiness and unethical joke that you normally see in rated R or NC-17 movie.  ",0,the script be bad veri bad it contain both cheesi and uneth joke that you normal see in rate r or nc17 movi
518,"The casting is also horrible, cause all you see is a really really BAD Actors, period.  ",0,the cast be also horribl caus all you see be a realli realli bad actor period
519,Final Word: This Show is a real torture!!  ,0,final word thi show be a real tortur
520,It is zillion times away from reality.  ,0,it be zillion time away from realiti
521,Watching washing machine twirling around wouldn't hurt your eyes as much as this show.  ,0,watch wash machin twirl around wouldnt hurt your eye as much a thi show
522,Rating: 0/10 (Grade: Z) Note: The Show Is So Bad That Even Mother Of The Cast Pull Her Daughter Out Of The Show.  ,0,rate 010 grade z note the show be so bad that even mother of the cast pull her daughter out of the show
523,20th Century Fox's ROAD HOUSE 1948) is not only quite a silly noir but is an implausible unmitigated bore of a movie.  ,0,20th centuri fox road hous 1948 be not onli quit a silli noir but be an implaus unmitig bore of a movi
524,"Full of unconvincing cardboard characters it is blandly written by Edward Chodorov, who also produced, and is surprisingly directed by Jean Negulesco from whom one would expect a great deal more.  ",0,full of unconvinc cardboard charact it be blandli write by edward chodorov who also produc and be surprisingli direct by jean negulesco from whom one would expect a great deal more
525,From here on the Widmark character turns unintentionally comical!  ,0,from here on the widmark charact turn unintent comic
526,His losing his marbles so early in the proceedings is totally implausible and unconvincing.  ,0,hi lose hi marbl so earli in the proceed be total implaus and unconvinc
527,And if that isn't enough of a mess of a movie for you - the picture is also marred with a constant use of studio sets and indoor exteriors.  ,0,and if that isnt enough of a mess of a movi for you the pictur be also mar with a constant use of studio set and indoor exterior
528,Whatever prompted such a documentary is beyond me!  ,0,whatev prompt such a documentari be beyond me
529,(very serious spoilers) this movie was a huge disappointment.  ,0,veri seriou spoiler thi movi be a huge disappoint
530,there are so many problems i dont know where to start.  ,0,there be so mani problem i dont know where to start
534,but the movie makes a lot of serious mistakes.  ,0,but the movi make a lot of seriou mistak
535,"first of all, there are enough racial stereotypes and racial jokes to offend everyone.  ",0,first of all there be enough racial stereotyp and racial joke to offend everyon
536,the movie is littered with overt racial slurs towards the black cast members and in return the whites are depicted as morons and boobs.  ,0,the movi be litter with overt racial slur toward the black cast member and in return the white be depict a moron and boob
537,"putting the race card aside, lets look at the major flaw in the film: they destroy latifa's character.  ",0,put the race card asid let look at the major flaw in the film they destroy latifa charact
538,there is no real plot.  ,0,there be no real plot
539,i wouldnt see this movie again for free.  ,0,i wouldnt see thi movi again for free
546,"The bipolarity of the ruthless thug (one minute a ruthless killer, the next minute a Luv's diaper commercial) is completely unconvincing.  ",0,the bipolar of the ruthless thug one minut a ruthless killer the next minut a luv diaper commerci be complet unconvinc
547,"I'm terribly disappointed that this film would receive so many awards and accolades, especially when there are far more deserving works of film out there.  ",0,im terribl disappoint that thi film would receiv so mani award and accolad especi when there be far more deserv work of film out there
550,I don't think there are any redeeming qualities in this remake.  ,0,i dont think there be ani redeem qualiti in thi remak
551,This may be the only bad film he ever made.  ,0,thi may be the onli bad film he ever make
552,So bad...well...it's just bad.  ,0,so badwellit just bad
553,"This movie is a solid example of a bad plot and a very, very bad idea all the way.  ",0,thi movi be a solid exampl of a bad plot and a veri veri bad idea all the way
554,It's a shame to see good actors like Thomerson and James make a living in a mess like this.  ,0,it a shame to see good actor like thomerson and jame make a live in a mess like thi
555,I thought it was bad.  ,0,i think it be bad
556,"Both films are terrible, but to the credit of the 1986 version, it was watchable.  ",0,both film be terribl but to the credit of the 1986 version it be watchabl
557,"Let's start with all the problems—the acting, especially from the lead professor, was very, very bad.  ",0,let start with all the problemsth act especi from the lead professor be veri veri bad
558,The script is a big flawed mess.  ,0,the script be a big flaw mess
559,The best example of how dumb the writing is when it's established that you can turn the zombie-students back into humans by removing a necklace containing a piece of the meteorite.  ,0,the best exampl of how dumb the write be when it establish that you can turn the zombiestud back into human by remov a necklac contain a piec of the meteorit
560,"Director Paul Matthews, who also wrote/directed the weak 1995 monster movie ""Grim"", clearly doesn't know how to pace his films.  ",0,director paul matthew who also wrotedirect the weak 1995 monster movi grim clearli doesnt know how to pace hi film
561,The movie is terribly boring in places.  ,0,the movi be terribl bore in place
562,The lighting is awful.  ,0,the light be aw
563,The film looks cheap and bland.  ,0,the film look cheap and bland
564,One of the most disappointing aspects is the lack of notable gore.  ,0,one of the most disappoint aspect be the lack of notabl gore
565,"This convention never worked well in the past, and certainly doesn't work here.  ",0,thi convent never work well in the past and certainli doesnt work here
566,The visual effects were AWFUL.  ,0,the visual effect be aw
567,The CG opening sequence in space looked like it could have been created on Microsoft Slideshow for God's sake!  ,0,the cg open sequenc in space look like it could have be creat on microsoft slideshow for god sake
568,"The ""explosion"" of the Gas tanks at the end was just as awful.  ",0,the explos of the ga tank at the end be just a aw
571,"To sum the film up, ""Breeders"" is a terrible, cheaply made horror movie that should be avoided like the Ebola virus.  ",0,to sum the film up breeder be a terribl cheapli make horror movi that should be avoid like the ebola viru
572,Not recommended.  ,0,not recommend
573,"He is almost unbearable to watch on screen, he has little to no charisma, and terrible comedic timing.  ",0,he be almost unbear to watch on screen he have littl to no charisma and terribl comed time
574,"Aside from it's terrible lead, this film has loads of other debits.  ",0,asid from it terribl lead thi film have load of other debit
575,"I understand that it's supposed to be a cheap popcorn comedy, but that doesn't mean that it has to completely insult our intelligence, and have writing so incredibly hackneyed that it borders on offensive.  ",0,i understand that it suppos to be a cheap popcorn comedi but that doesnt mean that it have to complet insult our intellig and have write so incred hackney that it border on offens
576,"Lewis Black's considerable talent is wasted here too, as he is at his most incendiary when he is unrestrained, which the PG-13 rating certainly won't allow.  ",0,lewi black consider talent be wast here too a he be at hi most incendiari when he be unrestrain which the pg13 rate certainli wont allow
578,"With the originality and freshness of the first movie now spent, this remake had little else to offer.  ",0,with the origin and fresh of the first movi now spend thi remak have littl els to offer
579,The budget was evidently very limited.  ,0,the budget be evid veri limit
580,"This was reflected not only in the cast, but also in the below-par script, which borrowed much from the earlier classic.  ",0,thi be reflect not onli in the cast but also in the belowpar script which borrow much from the earli classic
581,"However, here there was no decent acting, action or location work to balance things up.  ",0,howev here there be no decent act action or locat work to balanc thing up
582,Filmiing was less expansive.  ,0,filmi be less expans
583,It failed to convey the broad sweep of landscapes that were a great part of the original.  ,0,it fail to convey the broad sweep of landscap that be a great part of the origin
584,Generally; it just lacked imagination.  ,0,gener it just lack imagin
585,Not recommended.  ,0,not recommend
586,Is it possible for a movie to get any worse than this?  ,0,be it possibl for a movi to get ani bad than thi
587,There is no plot here to keep you going in the first place.  ,0,there be no plot here to keep you go in the first place
588,"Even when the women finally show up, there is no sign of improvement; the most expected things happen and by the time the film is over, you might be far asleep.  ",0,even when the woman final show up there be no sign of improv the most expect thing happen and by the time the film be over you might be far asleep
589,"Beware: this is not a trashy cult movie, this is trash -period!  ",0,bewar thi be not a trashi cult movi thi be trash period
590,I can't believe there's even a sequel to this!  ,0,i cant believ there even a sequel to thi
591,Which is precisely why I am giving it such a bad review!  ,0,which be precis whi i be give it such a bad review
598,"Every element of this story was so over the top, excessively phony and contrived that it was painful to sit through.  ",0,everi element of thi stori be so over the top excess phoni and contriv that it be pain to sit through
599,"Her lines seem to have been WRITTEN by a fifteen year old, though they are trying oh so, so hard to sound like how a fifteen year old would really, um, you know, well... talk.  ",0,her line seem to have be write by a fifteen year old though they be tri oh so so hard to sound like how a fifteen year old would realli um you know well talk
601,There is simply no excuse for something this poorly done.  ,0,there be simpli no excus for someth thi poorli do
602,I saw this movie and I thought this is a stupid movie.  ,0,i saw thi movi and i think thi be a stupid movi
603,What is even more stupid is that who had thought an idea that there should be a volcano in Los Angeles?  ,0,what be even more stupid be that who have think an idea that there should be a volcano in lo angel
604,"To be honest with you, this is unbelievable nonsense and very foolish.  ",0,to be honest with you thi be unbeliev nonsens and veri foolish
605,"In conclusion, I will not bother with this movie because a volcano in Los Angeles is nothing but nonsense.  ",0,in conclus i will not bother with thi movi becaus a volcano in lo angel be noth but nonsens
606,The story line is just awful!  ,0,the stori line be just aw
607,It's just painful!  ,0,it just pain
608,And the accents are absolutely abysmal!  ,0,and the accent be absolut abysm
609,There's also enough hypocrisy in this film to make me vomit.  ,0,there also enough hypocrisi in thi film to make me vomit
610,Don't waste your time watching this rubbish non-researched film.  ,0,dont wast your time watch thi rubbish nonresearch film
614,Omit watching this.  ,0,omit watch thi
616,My rating: just 3 out of 10.  ,0,my rate just 3 out of 10
624,The basic premise is wasted since it is sidelined by the inexplicable focus on the documentary crew.  ,0,the basic premis be wast sinc it be sidelin by the inexplic focu on the documentari crew
625,"Regardless, the film fails on most levels.  ",0,regardless the film fail on most level
626,Avoid at all costs.  ,0,avoid at all cost
633,"I know that Jim O'Connor was very energetic and that nobody could be as much as him, but George was well dull.  ",0,i know that jim oconnor be veri energet and that nobodi could be as much a him but georg be well dull
634,"He really didn't seem to want to be hosting; his voice-overs were monotonous, didn't get involved with the guests.  ",0,he realli didnt seem to want to be host hi voiceov be monoton didnt get involv with the guest
645,"This movie is so mind-bendingly awful, it couldn't have even been created.  ",0,thi movi be so mindbendingli aw it couldnt have even be creat
646,The film lacks any real scares or tension & some of the medical terminology used throughout is a bit iffy to say the least & I say that as an insulin dependant diabetic myself.  ,0,the film lack ani real scare or tension some of the medic terminolog use throughout be a bit iffi to say the least i say that a an insulin depend diabet myself
647,The least said about the acting the better.  ,0,the least say about the act the good
664,"Even allowing for poor production values for the time (1971) and the format (some kind of mini-series), this is baaaaaad.  ",0,even allow for poor product valu for the time 1971 and the format some kind of miniseri thi be baaaaaad
665,"Unless you're just out to visually ""collect"" all extant films of Austen's work, you can skip this one.  ",0,unless your just out to visual collect all extant film of austen work you can skip thi one
667,It is not good.  ,0,it be not good
668,"Speaking of the music, it is unbearably predictably and kitchy.  ",0,speak of the music it be unbear predict and kitchi
669,Then the film just dropped the ball.  ,0,then the film just drop the ball
685,"There are many continuity errors: one other user commented on different cars in the garage, Joe's glasses...the one that got to me the most was the fact Joe's facial hair configuration seemed to change from scene to scene.  ",0,there be mani continu error one other user comment on differ car in the garag joe glassesth one that get to me the most be the fact joe facial hair configur seem to chang from scene to scene
688,I can't see how this movie can be an inspiration to anyone to come out or overcome fear and rejection.  ,0,i cant see how thi movi can be an inspir to anyon to come out or overcom fear and reject
689,It's so bad it's actually worth seeing just for that reason.  ,0,it so bad it actual worth see just for that reason
696,Well... Just if you keep thinking how bad it is.  ,0,well just if you keep think how bad it be
697,"It's a mediocre, miserable, hollow, laughable and predictable piece of garbage.  ",0,it a mediocr miser hollow laughabl and predict piec of garbag
698,It's a case of 'so bad it is laughable'.  ,0,it a case of so bad it be laughabl
699,") very bad performance plays Angela Bennett, a computer expert who is at home all the time.  ",0,veri bad perform play angela bennett a comput expert who be at home all the time
700,"It is a film about nothing, just a pretext to show ridiculous action scenes.  ",0,it be a film about noth just a pretext to show ridicul action scene
701,How awful she is!  ,0,how aw she be
702,"But she is still a bad actress, repeating her robotic face moves in each of her pictures.  ",0,but she be still a bad actress repeat her robot face move in each of her pictur
703,"The results, well, are a shame.  ",0,the result well be a shame
704,DELETE this film from your mind!  ,0,delet thi film from your mind
705,One of the worst shows of all time.  ,0,one of the bad show of all time
706,The show would begin with smart ass ed comments to each other that would be totally off the wall and uncalled for.  ,0,the show would begin with smart as ed comment to each other that would be total off the wall and uncal for
707,"The fat computer geek was unbelievable, the bible thumper, the bad-ass girl, who are these actors???  ",0,the fat comput geek be unbeliev the bibl thumper the badass girl who be these actor
708,Never heard of any of them except Cole who was totally unbelievable in the part.  ,0,never heard of ani of them except cole who be total unbeliev in the part
709,"Every time he opened his mouth you expect to hear, ""you see kids..."" Pulling the plug was a mercy killing for this horrible show.  ",0,everi time he open hi mouth you expect to hear you see kid pull the plug be a merci kill for thi horribl show
710,The stories were as unbelievable as the actors.  ,0,the stori be as unbeliev a the actor
711,Lame would be the best way to describe it.  ,0,lame would be the best way to describ it
715,"Im big fan of RPG games too, but this movie, its a disgrace to any self-respecting RPGer there is.  ",0,im big fan of rpg game too but thi movi it a disgrac to ani selfrespect rpger there be
716,"The lines, the cuts, the audio, everything is wrong.  ",0,the line the cut the audio everyth be wrong
717,You can find better movies at youtube.  ,0,you can find good movi at youtub
718,"Top line: Don't waste your time and money on this one, its as bad as it comes.  ",0,top line dont wast your time and money on thi one it as bad a it come
719,"A Lassie movie which should have been ""put to sleep"".... FOREVER.  ",0,a lassi movi which should have be put to sleep forev
720,That's how I'd describe this painfully dreary time-waster of a film.  ,0,that how id describ thi pain dreari timewast of a film
721,"So mediocre in every aspect that it just becomes a dull, uninteresting mess, this is one of the most forgettable movies I've seen.  ",0,so mediocr in everi aspect that it just becom a dull uninterest mess thi be one of the most forgett movi ive see
722,"It isn't even an achievement as a ""so-bad-it's-good"" or ""so-bad-it's-memorable"" movie.  ",0,it isnt even an achiev a a sobaditsgood or sobaditsmemor movi
723,"It's an empty, hollow shell of a movie.  ",0,it an empti hollow shell of a movi
724,"Seriously, it's not worth wasting your, or your kid's time on.  ",0,serious it not worth wast your or your kid time on
725,"Avoid, avoid, avoid!  ",0,avoid avoid avoid
726,It will drive you barking mad!  ,0,it will drive you bark mad
735,Nothing new there.  ,0,noth new there
736,That was done in the second movie.  ,0,that be do in the second movi
737,The movie has almost no action scenes in it and very little comedy.  ,0,the movi have almost no action scene in it and veri littl comedi
738,The plot has more holes than a pair of fishnet stockings and the direction and editing is astonishingly ham fisted.  ,0,the plot have more hole than a pair of fishnet stock and the direct and edit be astonishingli ham fist
739,What on earth is Irons doing in this film?  ,0,what on earth be iron do in thi film
750,The football scenes at the end were perplexing.  ,0,the footbal scene at the end be perplex
759,This scene is very strong and unpleasant.  ,0,thi scene be veri strong and unpleas
766,And it was boring.  ,0,and it be bore
767,"I am so tired of clichés that is just lazy writing, and here they come in thick and fast.  ",0,i be so tire of cliché that be just lazi write and here they come in thick and fast
776,Why was this film made?  ,0,whi be thi film make
777,The film has an ultra-cheap look to it.  ,0,the film have an ultracheap look to it
778,The result is a film that just don't look right.  ,0,the result be a film that just dont look right
779,None of them are engaging or exciting.  ,0,none of them be engag or excit
780,The plot is nonsense that doesn't interest in the slightest way or have any uniqueness to it.  ,0,the plot be nonsens that doesnt interest in the slight way or have ani uniqu to it
781,The Foreigner is not worth one second of your time.  ,0,the foreign be not worth one second of your time
799,"How this piece of trash was ever released is beyond me: the acting, the story, the characters, the supposedly special effects, etc...it's ALL wrong.  ",0,how thi piec of trash be ever releas be beyond me the act the stori the charact the supposedli special effect etcit all wrong
800,"In fact, this stinker smells like a direct-to-video release.  ",0,in fact thi stinker smell like a directtovideo releas
801,Avoid at ALL costs!  ,0,avoid at all cost
802,Star Trek V The final Frontier is the worst in the series.  ,0,star trek v the final frontier be the bad in the seri
803,"The acting from all involved and that includes those like Shatner and Nimoy is bad and washed out and making them seem as old as they look in real life, the special effects are tacky like when Spock has to rescue Kirk on a jet pack when he falls down from a mountain.  ",0,the act from all involv and that includ those like shatner and nimoy be bad and wash out and make them seem as old a they look in real life the special effect be tacki like when spock have to rescu kirk on a jet pack when he fall down from a mountain
804,The attempts at humor were pitiful and story is so awful it dosen't bear thinking about which basically involves a Vulcan stealing the Enterprise to find god (seriously) I just didn't care about any of this film and oh not to mention Uhura does a belly dance to distract male guards.  ,0,the attempt at humor be piti and stori be so aw it dosent bear think about which basic involv a vulcan steal the enterpris to find god serious i just didnt care about ani of thi film and oh not to mention uhura do a belli danc to distract male guard
805,The only place good for this film is in the garbage.  ,0,the onli place good for thi film be in the garbag
806,The worst one of the series.  ,0,the bad one of the seri
834,Very disappointed and wondered how it could be in the Oscar shortlist.  ,0,veri disappoint and wonder how it could be in the oscar shortlist
835,It's very slow.  ,0,it veri slow
836,Lot of holes in the plot: there's nothing about how he became the emperor; nothing about where he spend 20 years between his childhood and mature age.  ,0,lot of hole in the plot there noth about how he becom the emperor noth about where he spend 20 year between hi childhood and matur age
837,) Don't waste your time.  ,0,dont wast your time
838,End of Days is one of the worst big-budget action movies I've ever seen.  ,0,end of day be one of the bad bigbudget action movi ive ever see
839,He surely doesn't know how to make a coherent action movie from the screenwriter of Air Force One who was only obliged to write the script just for a big sum of money.  ,0,he sure doesnt know how to make a coher action movi from the screenwrit of air forc one who be onli oblig to write the script just for a big sum of money
840,This was one of the worst films i have ever seen.  ,0,thi be one of the bad film i have ever see
841,I'm still trying to get over how bad it was.  ,0,im still tri to get over how bad it be
847,"1 hour 54 minutes of sheer tedium, melodrama and horrible acting, a mess of a script, and a sinking feeling of GOOD LORD, WHAT WERE THEY THINKING?  ",0,1 hour 54 minut of sheer tedium melodrama and horribl act a mess of a script and a sink feel of good lord what be they think
848,Lots of holes in the script.  ,0,lot of hole in the script
849,It's like a bad two hour TV movie.  ,0,it like a bad two hour tv movi
850,Now imagine that every single one of those decisions was made wrong.  ,0,now imagin that everi singl one of those decis be make wrong
851,The dialogue is atrocious.  ,0,the dialogu be atroci
852,The acting is beyond abysmal.  ,0,the act be beyond abysm
853,Everything stinks.  ,0,everyth stink
854,"Trouble is, the writing and directing make it impossible to establish those things that make a movie watchable, like character, story, theme and so on.  ",0,troubl be the write and direct make it imposs to establish those thing that make a movi watchabl like charact stori theme and so on
855,"Worse, there's an incredibly weak sub-plot thrown in that follows a little band of latter-day Mansonites as they go after a reporter who's working on a story on the anniversary of the killings.  ",0,bad there an incred weak subplot throw in that follow a littl band of latterday mansonit a they go after a report who work on a stori on the anniversari of the kill
856,"It's dumb and pointless, and a complete waste of time.  ",0,it dumb and pointless and a complet wast of time
857,"In short, don't bother with this movie.  ",0,in short dont bother with thi movi
868,Also the story and acting were weak.  ,0,also the stori and act be weak
869,"At around 4 pm I bought it, at around 8pm I started to watch, at around 8.15pm I fast forwarded the remaining film to see if there was anything left watchable for a human being with a brain... but there wasn't.  ",0,at around 4 pm i buy it at around 8pm i start to watch at around 815pm i fast forward the remain film to see if there be anyth leav watchabl for a human be with a brain but there wasnt
870,"Either way, it sucks.  ",0,either way it suck
871,The script is horrendously stupid.  ,0,the script be horrend stupid
872,The story starts too fast with absolutely no suspense or build-up in the slightest.  ,0,the stori start too fast with absolut no suspens or buildup in the slightest
873,Everything Captain Howdy says is either laughable or just plain stupid.  ,0,everyth captain howdi say be either laughabl or just plain stupid
874,What the hell kind of crap is that?!  ,0,what the hell kind of crap be that
875,"Then, there's the plot holes.  ",0,then there the plot hole
876,You could drive a semi truck into these holes!  ,0,you could drive a semi truck into these hole
879,Dee Snider just plain sucks.  ,0,dee snider just plain suck
880,"He can't act (one of the least scary villains I have ever seen), he can't write (did he write this damn movie in his sleep?  ",0,he cant act one of the least scari villain i have ever see he cant write do he write thi damn movi in hi sleep
881,I was bored throughout the whole damn thing.  ,0,i be bore throughout the whole damn thing
882,"The acting sucks, the music sucks, the script sucks, the pacing sucks, the special FX suck, the directing sucks... basically, this movie sucks.  ",0,the act suck the music suck the script suck the pace suck the special fx suck the direct suck basic thi movi suck
883,This film tries to be a serious and sophisticated thriller/horror flick and it fails miserably.  ,0,thi film tri to be a seriou and sophist thrillerhorror flick and it fail miser
884,This is probably one of the least effective and utterly unoriginal films I have ever seen in my entire life.  ,0,thi be probabl one of the least effect and utterli unorigin film i have ever see in my entir life
885,A piece of cinematic garbage captured on celluloid.  ,0,a piec of cinemat garbag captur on celluloid
886,Avoid at any and all costs.  ,0,avoid at ani and all cost
887,"At any rate this film stinks, its not funny, and Fulci should have stayed with giallo and supernatural zombie movies.  ",0,at ani rate thi film stink it not funni and fulci should have stay with giallo and supernatur zombi movi
888,Avoid this film at all costs.  ,0,avoid thi film at all cost
889,"I don't know what happened in Season Five, what a mess.  ",0,i dont know what happen in season five what a mess
890,The only consistent thread holding the series together were the amazing performances of Leni Parker and Anita LaSelva as the two Taelons in quiet idealogical conflict.  ,0,the onli consist thread hold the seri togeth be the amaz perform of leni parker and anita laselva a the two taelon in quiet idealog conflict
891,Now this is a movie I really dislike.  ,0,now thi be a movi i realli dislik
892,It's one of the most boring Horror movies from the 90's mainly because it starts slow and centers in a boring atmosphere.  ,0,it one of the most bore horror movi from the 90 mainli becaus it start slow and center in a bore atmospher
893,"The puppets look really cheesy , not in a good way like in the Puppet Master 80's flicks.  ",0,the puppet look realli cheesi not in a good way like in the puppet master 80 flick
894,"The story is lame, not interesting and NEVER really explains the sinister origins of the puppets.  ",0,the stori be lame not interest and never realli explain the sinist origin of the puppet
895,There aren't death scenes like in previous movies and the f/x are terrible.  ,0,there arent death scene like in previou movi and the fx be terribl
896,"I felt asleep the first time I watched it, so I can recommend it for insomniacs.  ",0,i felt asleep the first time i watch it so i can recommend it for insomniac
900,"Otherwise, don't even waste your time on this.  ",0,otherwis dont even wast your time on thi
901,This one just fails to create any real suspense.  ,0,thi one just fail to creat ani real suspens
902,"As for the killer, don't expect anything original or even remotely frightening.  ",0,a for the killer dont expect anyth origin or even remot frighten
904,I'm so sorry but I really can't recommend it to anyone.  ,0,im so sorri but i realli cant recommend it to anyon
905,"One of the most boring,pointless movies I have ever seen.  ",0,one of the most boringpointless movi i have ever see
906,The secondary plot line is incomprehensible and its relation to the primary plot line is mystifying.  ,0,the secondari plot line be incomprehens and it relat to the primari plot line be mystifi
907,Hated it.  ,0,hat it
908,This is one of the worst Sandra Bullock movie since Speed 2 But not quite that bad.  ,0,thi be one of the bad sandra bullock movi sinc speed 2 but not quit that bad
909,"I don't understand how this garbage got on the shelves of the movie store, it's not even a real movie!  ",0,i dont understand how thi garbag get on the shelf of the movi store it not even a real movi
910,I highly doubt that anyone could ever like this trash.  ,0,i highli doubt that anyon could ever like thi trash
911,This is not movie-making.  ,0,thi be not moviemak
912,"The acting is like watching wooden puppets moving around and reading from a book, that's how bad it is.  ",0,the act be like watch wooden puppet move around and read from a book that how bad it be
913,"So I am here to warn you--DO NOT RENT THIS MOVIE, it is the dumbest thing you have never seen!  ",0,so i be here to warn youdo not rent thi movi it be the dumb thing you have never see
918,"I agree with Jessica, this movie is pretty bad.  ",0,i agre with jessica thi movi be pretti bad
919,"Characters are one-dimensional, even the good guys and especially the bad guys.  ",0,charact be onedimension even the good guy and especi the bad guy
920,The story line is totally predictable.  ,0,the stori line be total predict
922,I've seen soap operas more intelligent than this movie.  ,0,ive see soap opera more intellig than thi movi
923,"Bad characters, bad story and bad acting.  ",0,bad charact bad stori and bad act
924,Really awful.  ,0,realli aw
925,Not easy to watch.  ,0,not easi to watch
953,"Just whatever you do, avoid ""Groove"" as its the antithesis of all that is good about Human Traffic.  ",0,just whatev you do avoid groov a it the antithesi of all that be good about human traffic
954,"It's too bad that everyone else involved didn't share Crowe's level of dedication to quality, for if they did, we'd have a far better film on our hands than this sub-par mess.  ",0,it too bad that everyon els involv didnt share crow level of dedic to qualiti for if they do wed have a far good film on our hand than thi subpar mess
955,The movie seemed a little slow at first.  ,0,the movi seem a littl slow at first
972,"If you act in such a film, you should be glad that you're gonna drift away from earth as far as possible!  ",0,if you act in such a film you should be glad that your gon na drift away from earth as far a possibl
973,"This one wants to surf on the small wave of space movies in 1998 (Deep Impact and Armageddon), and this one fails everywhere.  ",0,thi one want to surf on the small wave of space movi in 1998 deep impact and armageddon and thi one fail everywher
974,If you haven't choked in your own vomit by the end (by all the cheap drama and worthless dialogue) you've must have bored yourself to death with this waste of time.  ,0,if you havent choke in your own vomit by the end by all the cheap drama and worthless dialogu youv must have bore yourself to death with thi wast of time
977,"Instead, we got a bore fest about a whiny, spoiled brat babysitting.  ",0,instead we get a bore fest about a whini spoil brat babysit
994,I never walked out of a movie faster.  ,0,i never walk out of a movi faster
995,I just got bored watching Jessice Lange take her clothes off!  ,0,i just get bore watch jessic lang take her cloth off
996,"Unfortunately, any virtue in this film's production work was lost on a regrettable script.  ",0,unfortun ani virtu in thi film product work be lose on a regrett script
997,"In a word, it is embarrassing.  ",0,in a word it be embarrass
998,Exceptionally bad!  ,0,except bad
999,All in all its an insult to one's intelligence and a huge waste of money.  ,0,all in all it an insult to one intellig and a huge wast of money
1001,Crust is not good.,0,crust be not good
1002,Not tasty and the texture was just nasty.,0,not tasti and the textur be just nasti
1005,Now I am getting angry and I want my damn pho.,0,now i be get angri and i want my damn pho
1006,Honeslty it didn't taste THAT fresh.),0,honeslti it didnt tast that fresh
1007,The potatoes were like rubber and you could tell they had been made up ahead of time being kept under a warmer.,0,the potato be like rubber and you could tell they have be make up ahead of time be keep under a warmer
1011,Would not go back.,0,would not go back
1012,The cashier had no care what so ever on what I had to say it still ended up being wayyy overpriced.,0,the cashier have no care what so ever on what i have to say it still end up be wayyy overpric
1014,I was disgusted because I was pretty sure that was human hair.,0,i be disgust becaus i be pretti sure that be human hair
1015,I was shocked because no signs indicate cash only.,0,i be shock becaus no sign indic cash onli
1017,Waitress was a little slow in service.,0,waitress be a littl slow in servic
1018,"This place is not worth your time, let alone Vegas.",0,thi place be not worth your time let alon vega
1019,did not like at all.,0,do not like at all
1020,The Burrittos Blah!,0,the burritto blah
1026,- They never brought a salad we asked for.,0,they never bring a salad we ask for
1028,"Took an hour to get our food only 4 tables in restaurant my food was Luke warm, Our sever was running around like he was totally overwhelmed.",0,take an hour to get our food onli 4 tabl in restaur my food be luke warm our sever be run around like he be total overwhelm
1029,The worst was the salmon sashimi.,0,the bad be the salmon sashimi
1031,This was like the final blow!,0,thi be like the final blow
1033,"seems like a good quick place to grab a bite of some familiar pub food, but do yourself a favor and look elsewhere.",0,seem like a good quick place to grab a bite of some familiar pub food but do yourself a favor and look elsewher
1037,"Poor service, the waiter made me feel like I was stupid every time he came to the table.",0,poor servic the waiter make me feel like i be stupid everi time he come to the tabl
1039,Service sucks.,0,servic suck
1041,There is not a deal good enough that would drag me into that establishment again.,0,there be not a deal good enough that would drag me into that establish again
1042,Hard to judge whether these sides were good because we were grossed out by the melted styrofoam and didn't want to eat it for fear of getting sick.,0,hard to judg whether these side be good becaus we be gross out by the melt styrofoam and didnt want to eat it for fear of get sick
1044,"Frozen pucks of disgust, with some of the worst people behind the register.",0,frozen puck of disgust with some of the bad peopl behind the regist
1046,It's too bad the food is so damn generic.,0,it too bad the food be so damn gener
1053,"They have horrible attitudes towards customers, and talk down to each one when customers don't enjoy their food.",0,they have horribl attitud toward custom and talk down to each one when custom dont enjoy their food
1056,The Heart Attack Grill in downtown Vegas is an absolutely flat-lined excuse for a restaurant.,0,the heart attack grill in downtown vega be an absolut flatlin excus for a restaur
1057,Not much seafood and like 5 strings of pasta at the bottom.,0,not much seafood and like 5 string of pasta at the bottom
1059,"The ripped banana was not only ripped, but petrified and tasteless.",0,the rip banana be not onli rip but petrifi and tasteless
1060,At least think to refill my water before I struggle to wave you over for 10 minutes.,0,at least think to refil my water befor i struggl to wave you over for 10 minut
1068,We got the food and apparently they have never heard of salt and the batter on the fish was chewy.,0,we get the food and appar they have never hear of salt and the batter on the fish be chewi
1072,The service was meh.,0,the servic be meh
1073,"It took over 30 min to get their milkshake, which was nothing more than chocolate milk.",0,it take over 30 min to get their milkshak which be noth more than chocol milk
1074,"I guess I should have known that this place would suck, because it is inside of the Excalibur, but I didn't use my common sense.",0,i guess i should have know that thi place would suck becaus it be insid of the excalibur but i didnt use my common sens
1075,The scallop dish is quite appalling for value as well.,0,the scallop dish be quit appal for valu as well
1076,2 times - Very Bad Customer Service !,0,2 time veri bad custom servic
1079,There is so much good food in Vegas that I feel cheated for wasting an eating opportunity by going to Rice and Company.,0,there be so much good food in vega that i feel cheat for wast an eat opportun by go to rice and compani
1080,Coming here is like experiencing an underwhelming relationship where both parties can't wait for the other person to ask to break up.,0,come here be like experi an underwhelm relationship where both parti cant wait for the other person to ask to break up
1081,walked in and the place smelled like an old grease trap and only 2 others there eating.,0,walk in and the place smell like an old greas trap and onli 2 other there eat
1082,The turkey and roast beef were bland.,0,the turkey and roast beef be bland
1084,The pan cakes everyone are raving about taste like a sugary disaster tailored to the palate of a six year old.,0,the pan cake everyon be rave about tast like a sugari disast tailor to the palat of a six year old
1086,The poor batter to meat ratio made the chicken tenders very unsatisfying.,0,the poor batter to meat ratio make the chicken tender veri unsatisfi
1090,"In summary, this was a largely disappointing dining experience.",0,in summari thi be a larg disappoint din experi
1092,"Never been to Hard Rock Casino before, WILL NEVER EVER STEP FORWARD IN IT AGAIN!",0,never be to hard rock casino befor will never ever step forward in it again
1094,say bye bye to your tip lady!,0,say bye bye to your tip ladi
1095,We'll never go again.,0,well never go again
1098,It was not good.,0,it be not good
1110,"REAL sushi lovers, let's be honest - Yama is not that good.",0,real sushi lover let be honest yama be not that good
1111,"At least 40min passed in between us ordering and the food arriving, and it wasn't that busy.",0,at least 40min pass in between u order and the food arriv and it wasnt that busi
1116,It was pretty gross!,0,it be pretti gross
1117,I've had better atmosphere.,0,ive have well atmospher
1118,Kind of hard to mess up a steak but they did.,0,kind of hard to mess up a steak but they do
1119,"Although I very much liked the look and sound of this place, the actual experience was a bit disappointing.",0,although i veri much like the look and sound of thi place the actual experi be a bit disappoint
1120,I just don't know how this place managed to served the blandest food I have ever eaten when they are preparing Indian cuisine.,0,i just dont know how thi place manag to serv the bland food i have ever eat when they be prepar indian cuisin
1121,"Worst service to boot, but that is the least of their worries.",0,worst servic to boot but that be the least of their worri
1125,"Host staff were, for lack of a better word, BITCHES!",0,host staff be for lack of a good word bitch
1126,Bland... Not a liking this place for a number of reasons and I don't want to waste time on bad reviewing.. I'll leave it at that...,0,bland not a like thi place for a number of reason and i dont want to wast time on bad review ill leav it at that
1128,I wouldn't return.,0,i wouldnt return
1130,This place is way too overpriced for mediocre food.,0,thi place be way too overpric for mediocr food
1133,The management is rude.,0,the manag be rude
1138,"He was extremely rude and really, there are so many other restaurants I would love to dine at during a weekend in Vegas.",0,he be extrem rude and realli there be so mani other restaur i would love to dine at dure a weekend in vega
1140,Don't do it!!!!,0,dont do it
1141,The waiter wasn't helpful or friendly and rarely checked on us.,0,the waiter wasnt help or friendli and rare check on u
1142,My husband and I ate lunch here and were very disappointed with the food and service.,0,my husband and i ate lunch here and be veri disappoint with the food and servic
1143,And the red curry had so much bamboo shoots and wasn't very tasty to me.,0,and the red curri have so much bamboo shoot and wasnt veri tasti to me
1146,"The menu is always changing, food quality is going down & service is extremely slow.",0,the menu be alway chang food qualiti be go down servic be extrem slow
1147,"The service was a little slow , considering that were served by 3 people servers so the food was coming in a slow pace.",0,the servic be a littl slow consid that be serv by 3 peopl server so the food be come in a slow pace
1148,I give it 2 thumbs down,0,i give it 2 thumb down
1149,We watched our waiter pay a lot more attention to other tables and ignore us.,0,we watch our waiter pay a lot more attent to other tabl and ignor u
1152,We waited for forty five minutes in vain.,0,we wait for forti five minut in vain
1153,Crostini that came with the salad was stale.,0,crostini that come with the salad be stale
1159,"Unfortunately, we must have hit the bakery on leftover day because everything we ordered was STALE.",0,unfortun we must have hit the bakeri on leftov day becaus everyth we order be stale
1160,I came back today since they relocated and still not impressed.,0,i come back today sinc they reloc and still not impress
1163,Avoid at all cost!,0,avoid at all cost
1167,So don't go there if you are looking for good food...,0,so dont go there if you be look for good food
1168,I've never been treated so bad.,0,ive never be treat so bad
1170,We also ordered the spinach and avocado salad; the ingredients were sad and the dressing literally had zero taste.,0,we also order the spinach and avocado salad the ingredi be sad and the dress liter have zero tast
1175,"Perhaps I caught them on an off night judging by the other reviews, but I'm not inspired to go back.",0,perhap i catch them on an off night judg by the other review but im not inspir to go back
1176,The service here leaves a lot to be desired.,0,the servic here leav a lot to be desir
1179,We literally sat there for 20 minutes with no one asking to take our order.,0,we liter sit there for 20 minut with no one ask to take our order
1180,"The burger had absolutely no flavor - the meat itself was totally bland, the burger was overcooked and there was no charcoal flavor.",0,the burger have absolut no flavor the meat itself be total bland the burger be overcook and there be no charcoal flavor
1181,I also decided not to send it back because our waitress looked like she was on the verge of having a heart attack.,0,i also decid not to send it back becaus our waitress look like she be on the verg of have a heart attack
1182,I dressed up to be treated so rudely!,0,i dress up to be treat so rude
1183,It was probably dirt.,0,it be probabl dirt
1186,"The food sucked, which we expected but it sucked more than we could have imagined.",0,the food suck which we expect but it suck more than we could have imagin
1192,"When my order arrived, one of the gyros was missing.",0,when my order arriv one of the gyro be miss
1194,I'm not really sure how Joey's was voted best hot dog in the Valley by readers of Phoenix Magazine.,0,im not realli sure how joey be vote best hot dog in the valley by reader of phoenix magazin
1196,The live music on Fridays totally blows.,0,the live music on friday total blow
1197,I've never been more insulted or felt disrespected.,0,ive never be more insult or felt disrespect
1202,The warm beer didn't help.,0,the warm beer didnt help
1206,I've lived here since 1979 and this was the first (and last) time I've stepped foot into this place.,0,ive live here sinc 1979 and thi be the first and last time ive step foot into thi place
1207,The WORST EXPERIENCE EVER.,0,the bad experi ever
1208,Must have been an off night at this place.,0,must have be an off night at thi place
1210,"If that bug never showed up I would have given a 4 for sure, but on the other side of the wall where this bug was climbing was the kitchen.",0,if that bug never show up i would have give a 4 for sure but on the other side of the wall where thi bug be climb be the kitchen
1211,"For about 10 minutes, we we're waiting for her salad when we realized that it wasn't coming any time soon.",0,for about 10 minut we be wait for her salad when we realiz that it wasnt come ani time soon
1213,Won't go back.,0,wont go back
1216,Soggy and not good.,0,soggi and not good
1218,Which are small and not worth the price.,0,which be small and not worth the price
1220,"The shower area is outside so you can only rinse, not take a full shower, unless you don't mind being nude for everyone to see!",0,the shower area be outsid so you can onli rins not take a full shower unless you dont mind be nude for everyon to see
1221,The service was a bit lacking.,0,the servic be a bit lack
1222,"Lobster Bisque, Bussell Sprouts, Risotto, Filet ALL needed salt and pepper..and of course there is none at the tables.",0,lobster bisqu bussel sprout risotto filet all need salt and pepperand of cours there be none at the tabl
1223,Hopefully this bodes for them going out of business and someone who can cook can come in.,0,hope thi bode for them go out of busi and someon who can cook can come in
1224,"It was either too cold, not enough flavor or just bad.",0,it be either too cold not enough flavor or just bad
1228,"As for the ""mains,"" also uninspired.",0,a for the main also uninspir
1231,"If the food isn't bad enough for you, then enjoy dealing with the world's worst/annoying drunk people.",0,if the food isnt bad enough for you then enjoy deal with the world worstannoy drunk peopl
1233,"Ordered a double cheeseburger & got a single patty that was falling apart (picture uploaded) Yeah, still sucks.",0,order a doubl cheeseburg get a singl patti that be fall apart pictur upload yeah still suck
1235,"If it were possible to give them zero stars, they'd have it.",0,if it be possibl to give them zero star theyd have it
1236,"The descriptions said ""yum yum sauce"" and another said ""eel sauce"", yet another said ""spicy mayo""...well NONE of the rolls had sauces on them.",0,the descript say yum yum sauc and anoth say eel sauc yet anoth say spici mayowel none of the roll have sauc on them
1238,If she had not rolled the eyes we may have stayed... Not sure if we will go back and try it again.,0,if she have not roll the eye we may have stay not sure if we will go back and tri it again
1240,Horrible - don't waste your time and money.,0,horribl dont wast your time and money
1242,By this time our side of the restaurant was almost empty so there was no excuse.,0,by thi time our side of the restaur be almost empti so there be no excus
1243,"(It wasn't busy either) Also, the building was FREEZING cold.",0,it wasnt busi either also the build be freez cold
1244,"like the other reviewer said ""you couldn't pay me to eat at this place again.""",0,like the other review say you couldnt pay me to eat at thi place again
1245,-Drinks took close to 30 minutes to come out at one point.,0,drink take close to 30 minut to come out at one point
1249,Based on the sub-par service I received and no effort to show their gratitude for my business I won't be going back.,0,base on the subpar servic i receiv and no effort to show their gratitud for my busi i wont be go back
1251,There is nothing privileged about working/eating there.,0,there be noth privileg about working there
1253,"Overall, I don't think that I would take my parents to this place again because they made most of the similar complaints that I silently felt too.",0,overal i dont think that i would take my parent to thi place again becaus they make most of the similar complaint that i silent felt too
1257,I as well would've given godfathers zero stars if possible.,0,i as well wouldv give godfath zero star if possibl
1259,very tough and very short on flavor!,0,veri tough and veri short on flavor
1261,"I have been in more than a few bars in Vegas, and do not ever recall being charged for tap water.",0,i have be in more than a few bar in vega and do not ever recal be charg for tap water
1266,"The service was not up to par, either.",0,the servic be not up to par either
1269,"For a self proclaimed coffee cafe, I was wildly disappointed.",0,for a self proclaim coffe cafe i be wildli disappoint
1275,"I've had better, not only from dedicated boba tea spots, but even from Jenni Pho.",0,ive have well not onli from dedic boba tea spot but even from jenni pho
1278,I think not again,0,i think not again
1279,I had the mac salad and it was pretty bland so I will not be getting that again.,0,i have the mac salad and it be pretti bland so i will not be get that again
1281,Service stinks here!,0,servic stink here
1282,I waited and waited.,0,i wait and wait
1283,"This place is not quality sushi, it is not a quality restaurant.",0,thi place be not qualiti sushi it be not a qualiti restaur
1286,Things that went wrong: - They burned the saganaki.,0,thing that go wrong they burn the saganaki
1287,We waited an hour for what was a breakfast I could have done 100 times better at home.,0,we wait an hour for what be a breakfast i could have do 100 time well at home
1289,"I hate to disagree with my fellow Yelpers, but my husband and I were so disappointed with this place.",0,i hate to disagre with my fellow yelper but my husband and i be so disappoint with thi place
1290,Waited 2 hours & never got either of our pizzas as many other around us who came in later did!,0,wait 2 hour never get either of our pizza a mani other around u who come in later do
1291,Just don't know why they were so slow.,0,just dont know whi they be so slow
1293,"I live in the neighborhood so I am disappointed I won't be back here, because it is a convenient location.",0,i live in the neighborhood so i be disappoint i wont be back here becaus it be a conveni locat
1296,Before I go in to why I gave a 1 star rating please know that this was my third time eating at Bachi burger before writing a review.,0,befor i go in to whi i give a 1 star rate pleas know that thi be my third time eat at bachi burger befor write a review
1298,Never again will I be dining at this place!,0,never again will i be din at thi place
1301,Please stay away from the shrimp stir fried noodles.,0,pleas stay away from the shrimp stir fri noodl
1302,The potato chip order was sad... I could probably count how many chips were in that box and it was probably around 12.,0,the potato chip order be sad i could probabl count how mani chip be in that box and it be probabl around 12
1303,Food was really boring.,0,food be realli bore
1305,This greedy corporation will NEVER see another dime from me!,0,thi greedi corpor will never see anoth dime from me
1306,"Will never, ever go back.",0,will never ever go back
1307,"As much as I'd like to go back, I can't get passed the atrocious service and will never return.",0,as much a id like to go back i cant get pass the atroci servic and will never return
1311,She ordered a toasted English muffin that came out untoasted.,0,she order a toast english muffin that come out untoast
1313,Never going back.,0,never go back
1315,The bus boy on the other hand was so rude.,0,the bu boy on the other hand be so rude
1316,"By this point, my friends and I had basically figured out this place was a joke and didn't mind making it publicly and loudly known.",0,by thi point my friend and i have basic figur out thi place be a joke and didnt mind make it publicli and loudli know
1320,The only downside is the service.,0,the onli downsid be the servic
1321,"Also, the fries are without a doubt the worst fries I've ever had.",0,also the fri be without a doubt the bad fri ive ever have
1328,"I go to far too many places and I've never seen any restaurant that serves a 1 egg breakfast, especially for $4.00.",0,i go to far too mani place and ive never see ani restaur that serv a 1 egg breakfast especi for 400
1329,When my mom and I got home she immediately got sick and she only had a few bites of salad.,0,when my mom and i get home she immedi get sick and she onli have a few bite of salad
1330,The servers are not pleasant to deal with and they don't always honor Pizza Hut coupons.,0,the server be not pleasant to deal with and they dont alway honor pizza hut coupon
1333,Everything was gross.,0,everyth be gross
1336,First - the bathrooms at this location were dirty- Seat covers were not replenished & just plain yucky!!!,0,first the bathroom at thi locat be dirti seat cover be not replenish just plain yucki
1337,"The burger... I got the ""Gold Standard"" a $17 burger and was kind of disappointed.",0,the burger i get the gold standard a 17 burger and be kind of disappoint
1339,There is nothing authentic about this place.,0,there be noth authent about thi place
1340,the spaghetti is nothing special whatsoever.,0,the spaghetti be noth special whatsoev
1344,The selection was probably the worst I've seen in Vegas.....there was none.,0,the select be probabl the bad ive see in vegasther be none
1350,We sat another ten minutes and finally gave up and left.,0,we sit anoth ten minut and final give up and leav
1351,He was terrible!,0,he be terribl
1353,It shouldn't take 30 min for pancakes and eggs.,0,it shouldnt take 30 min for pancak and egg
1356,"Sadly, Gordon Ramsey's Steak is a place we shall sharply avoid during our next trip to Vegas.",0,sadli gordon ramsey steak be a place we shall sharpli avoid dure our next trip to vega
1360,The buffet is small and all the food they offered was BLAND.,0,the buffet be small and all the food they offer be bland
1363,Definitely a turn off for me & i doubt I'll be back unless someone else is buying.,0,definit a turn off for me i doubt ill be back unless someon els be buy
1365,"I find wasting food to be despicable, but this just wasn't food.",0,i find wast food to be despic but thi just wasnt food
1366,My wife had the Lobster Bisque soup which was lukewarm.,0,my wife have the lobster bisqu soup which be lukewarm
1370,I left with a stomach ache and felt sick the rest of the day.,0,i leav with a stomach ach and felt sick the rest of the day
1371,They dropped more than the ball.,0,they drop more than the ball
1374,And the beans and rice were mediocre at best.,0,and the bean and rice be mediocr at best
1376,I took back my money and got outta there.,0,i take back my money and get outta there
1378,RUDE & INCONSIDERATE MANAGEMENT.,0,rude inconsider manag
1379,"The staff are now not as friendly, the wait times for being served are horrible, no one even says hi for the first 10 minutes.",0,the staff be now not a friendli the wait time for be serv be horribl no one even say hi for the first 10 minut
1380,I won't be back.,0,i wont be back
1383,The food was terrible.,0,the food be terribl
1384,WILL NEVER EVER GO BACK AND HAVE TOLD MANY PEOPLE WHAT HAD HAPPENED.,0,will never ever go back and have tell mani peopl what have happen
1385,I don't recommend unless your car breaks down in front of it and you are starving.,0,i dont recommend unless your car break down in front of it and you be starv
1387,This place deserves one star and 90% has to do with the food.,0,thi place deserv one star and 90 have to do with the food
1388,This is a disgrace.,0,thi be a disgrac
1396,I'm probably one of the few people to ever go to Ians and not like it.,0,im probabl one of the few peopl to ever go to ian and not like it
1400,This one is simply a disappointment.,0,thi one be simpli a disappoint
1401,"Overall, I was very disappointed with the quality of food at Bouchon.",0,overal i be veri disappoint with the qualiti of food at bouchon
1402,I don't have to be an accountant to know I'm getting screwed!,0,i dont have to be an account to know im get screw
1405,Left very frustrated.,0,left veri frustrat
1409,TOTAL WASTE OF TIME.,0,total wast of time
1412,"For service, I give them no stars.",0,for servic i give them no star
1414,I can take a little bad service but the food sucks.,0,i can take a littl bad servic but the food suck
1415,Gave up trying to eat any of the crust (teeth still sore).,0,give up tri to eat ani of the crust teeth still sore
1416,But now I was completely grossed out.,0,but now i be complet gross out
1421,"On the ground, right next to our table was a large, smeared, been-stepped-in-and-tracked-everywhere pile of green bird poop.",0,on the ground right next to our tabl be a larg smear beensteppedinandtrackedeverywher pile of green bird poop
1422,"Furthermore, you can't even find hours of operation on the website!",0,furthermor you cant even find hour of oper on the websit
1423,We've tried to like this place but after 10+ times I think we're done with them.,0,weve tri to like thi place but after 10 time i think be do with them
1424,What a mistake that was!,0,what a mistak that be
1427,Waiter was a jerk.,0,waiter be a jerk
1428,"Strike 2, who wants to be rushed.",0,strike 2 who want to be rush
1430,I never come again.,0,i never come again
1433,Ordered an appetizer and took 40 minutes and then the pizza another 10 minutes.,0,order an appet and take 40 minut and then the pizza anoth 10 minut
1435,It was a huge awkward 1.5lb piece of cow that was 3/4ths gristle and fat.,0,it be a huge awkward 15lb piec of cow that be 34th gristl and fat
1440,I'll take my business dinner dollars elsewhere.,0,ill take my busi dinner dollar elsewher
1443,Nothing special.,0,noth special
1446,Will not be back.,0,will not be back
1447,Sauce was tasteless.,0,sauc be tasteless
1450,I don't think we'll be going back anytime soon.,0,i dont think well be go back anytim soon
1452,I am far from a sushi connoisseur but I can definitely tell the difference between good food and bad food and this was certainly bad food.,0,i be far from a sushi connoisseur but i can definit tell the differ between good food and bad food and thi be certainli bad food
1453,I was so insulted.,0,i be so insult
1454,The last 3 times I had lunch here has been bad.,0,the last 3 time i have lunch here have be bad
1455,The chicken wings contained the driest chicken meat I have ever eaten.,0,the chicken wing contain the dri chicken meat i have ever eat
1460,Definitely not worth the $3 I paid.,0,definit not worth the 3 i pay
1463,The manager was the worst.,0,the manag be the bad
1466,I don't think I'll be running back to Carly's anytime soon for food.,0,i dont think ill be run back to carli anytim soon for food
1467,"This is was due to the fact that it took 20 minutes to be acknowledged, then another 35 minutes to get our food...and they kept forgetting things.",0,thi be be due to the fact that it take 20 minut to be acknowledg then anoth 35 minut to get our foodand they keep forget thing
1471,The one down note is the ventilation could use some upgrading.,0,the one down note be the ventil could use some upgrad
1473,Don't waste your time here.,0,dont wast your time here
1474,"Total letdown, I would much rather just go to the Camelback Flower Shop and Cartel Coffee.",0,total letdown i would much rather just go to the camelback flower shop and cartel coffe
1475,"Third, the cheese on my friend's burger was cold.",0,third the chees on my friend burger be cold
1480,We asked for the bill to leave without eating and they didn't bring that either.,0,we ask for the bill to leav without eat and they didnt bring that either
1482,Seafood was limited to boiled shrimp and crab legs but the crab legs definitely did not taste fresh.,0,seafood be limit to boil shrimp and crab leg but the crab leg definit do not tast fresh
1483,The selection of food was not the best.,0,the select of food be not the best
1487,I dont think I will be back for a very long time.,0,i dont think i will be back for a veri long time
1488,"It was attached to a gas station, and that is rarely a good sign.",0,it be attach to a ga station and that be rare a good sign
1492,"Worse of all, he humiliated his worker right in front of me..Bunch of horrible name callings.",0,bad of all he humili hi worker right in front of mebunch of horribl name call
1495,And then tragedy struck.,0,and then tragedi struck
1501,"I'd rather eat airline food, seriously.",0,id rather eat airlin food serious
1505,I would not recommend this place.,0,i would not recommend thi place
1506,Overall I wasn't very impressed with Noca.,0,overal i wasnt veri impress with noca
1507,My gyro was basically lettuce only.,0,my gyro be basic lettuc onli
1508,Terrible service!,0,terribl servic
1509,Thoroughly disappointed!,0,thoroughli disappoint
1516,it was a drive to get there.,0,it be a drive to get there
1518,"Anyway, I do not think i will go back there.",0,anyway i do not think i will go back there
1522,"A greasy, unhealthy meal.",0,a greasi unhealthi meal
1523,first time there and might just be the last.,0,first time there and might just be the last
1525,"Similarly, the delivery man did not say a word of apology when our food was 45 minutes late.",0,similarli the deliveri man do not say a word of apolog when our food be 45 minut late
1526,And it was way to expensive.,0,and it be way to expens
1534,Terrible management.,0,terribl manag
1536,If there were zero stars I would give it zero stars.,0,if there be zero star i would give it zero star
1538,Worst martini ever!,0,bad martini ever
1541,We waited for thirty minutes to be seated (although there were 8 vacant tables and we were the only folks waiting).,0,we wait for thirti minut to be seat although there be 8 vacant tabl and we be the onli folk wait
1543,I won't try going back there even if it's empty.,0,i wont tri go back there even if it empti
1544,"No, I'm going to eat the potato that I found some strangers hair in it.",0,no im go to eat the potato that i find some stranger hair in it
1547,"not even a ""hello, we will be right with you.""",0,not even a hello we will be right with you
1548,The desserts were a bit strange.,0,the dessert be a bit strang
1553,I guess maybe we went on an off night but it was disgraceful.,0,i guess mayb we go on an off night but it be disgrac
1554,"However, my recent experience at this particular location was not so good.",0,howev my recent experi at thi particular locat be not so good
1555,"I know this is not like the other restaurants at all, something is very off here!",0,i know thi be not like the other restaur at all someth be veri off here
1556,AVOID THIS ESTABLISHMENT!,0,avoid thi establish
1557,I think this restaurant suffers from not trying hard enough.,0,i think thi restaur suffer from not tri hard enough
1560,My salad had a bland vinegrette on the baby greens and hearts of Palm.,0,my salad have a bland vinegrett on the babi green and heart of palm
1561,After two I felt disgusting.,0,after two i felt disgust
1565,I will never go back to this place and will never ever recommended this place to anyone!,0,i will never go back to thi place and will never ever recommend thi place to anyon
1566,"The servers went back and forth several times, not even so much as an ""Are you being helped?""",0,the server go back and forth sever time not even so much a an be you be help
1568,AN HOUR... seriously?,0,an hour serious
1569,I consider this theft.,0,i consid thi theft
1570,Eew... This location needs a complete overhaul.,0,eew thi locat need a complet overhaul
1571,We recently witnessed her poor quality of management towards other guests as well.,0,we recent wit her poor qualiti of manag toward other guest a well
1572,Waited and waited and waited.,0,wait and wait and wait
1575,"The pizza tasted old, super chewy in not a good way.",0,the pizza tast old super chewi in not a good way
1576,I swung in to give them a try but was deeply disappointed.,0,i swung in to give them a tri but be deepli disappoint
1580,Boy was that sucker dry!!.,0,boy be that sucker dri
1581,Over rated.,0,over rat
1582,"If you look for authentic Thai food, go else where.",0,if you look for authent thai food go els where
1584,After I pulled up my car I waited for another 15 minutes before being acknowledged.,0,after i pull up my car i wait for anoth 15 minut befor be acknowledg
1587,I hate those things as much as cheap quality black olives.,0,i hate those thing as much a cheap qualiti black oliv
1589,The kids play area is NASTY!,0,the kid play area be nasti
1593,"It was extremely ""crumby"" and pretty tasteless.",0,it be extrem crumbi and pretti tasteless
1594,It was a pale color instead of nice and char and has NO flavor.,0,it be a pale color instead of nice and char and have no flavor
1596,I got home to see the driest damn wings ever!,0,i get home to see the dri damn wing ever
1599,Not good for the money.,0,not good for the money
1601,"We got sitting fairly fast, but, ended up waiting 40 minutes just to place our order, another 30 minutes before the food arrived.",0,we get sit fairli fast but end up wait 40 minut just to place our order anoth 30 minut befor the food arriv
1607,I just wanted to leave.,0,i just want to leav
1609,I will not be eating there again.,0,i will not be eat there again
1610,!....THE OWNERS REALLY REALLY need to quit being soooooo cheap let them wrap my freaking sandwich in two papers not one!,0,the owner realli realli need to quit be soooooo cheap let them wrap my freak sandwich in two paper not one
1611,I checked out this place a couple years ago and was not impressed.,0,i check out thi place a coupl year ago and be not impress
1612,"The chicken I got was definitely reheated and was only ok, the wedges were cold and soggy.",0,the chicken i get be definit reheat and be onli ok the wedg be cold and soggi
1613,"Sorry, I will not be getting food from here anytime soon :(",0,sorri i will not be get food from here anytim soon
1616,My friend did not like his Bloody Mary.,0,my friend do not like hi bloodi mari
1617,"Despite how hard I rate businesses, its actually rare for me to give a 1 star.",0,despit how hard i rate busi it actual rare for me to give a 1 star
1619,I will not return.,0,i will not return
1620,I had the chicken Pho and it tasted very bland.,0,i have the chicken pho and it tast veri bland
1621,Very disappointing!!!,0,veri disappoint
1623,"a drive thru means you do not want to wait around for half an hour for your food, but somehow when we end up going here they make us wait and wait.",0,a drive thru mean you do not want to wait around for half an hour for your food but somehow when we end up go here they make u wait and wait
1626,Best of luck to the rude and non-customer service focused new management.,0,best of luck to the rude and noncustom servic focu new manag
1627,Any grandmother can make a roasted chicken better than this one.,0,ani grandmoth can make a roast chicken well than thi one
1628,I asked multiple times for the wine list and after some time of being ignored I went to the hostess and got one myself.,0,i ask multipl time for the wine list and after some time of be ignor i go to the hostess and get one myself
1632,"Same evening, him and I are both drastically sick.",0,same even him and i be both drastic sick
1634,Ordered burger rare came in we'll done.,0,order burger rare come in well do
1636,Tried to go here for lunch and it was a madhouse.,0,tri to go here for lunch and it be a madhous
1638,"After waiting an hour and being seated, I was not in the greatest of moods.",0,after wait an hour and be seat i be not in the great of mood
1641,I'm not eating here!,0,im not eat here
1643,Maybe if they weren't cold they would have been somewhat edible.,0,mayb if they werent cold they would have be somewhat edibl
1644,This place has a lot of promise but fails to deliver.,0,thi place have a lot of promis but fail to deliv
1645,Very bad Experience!,0,veri bad experi
1646,What a mistake.,0,what a mistak
1647,Food was average at best.,0,food be averag at best
1649,We won't be going back anytime soon!,0,we wont be go back anytim soon
1650,Very Very Disappointed ordered the $35 Big Bay Plater.,0,veri veri disappoint order the 35 big bay plater
1653,"Not much flavor to them, and very poorly constructed.",0,not much flavor to them and veri poorli construct
1655,The fried rice was dry as well.,0,the fri rice be dri as well
1669,Google mediocre and I imagine Smashburger will pop up.,0,googl mediocr and i imagin smashburg will pop up
1670,dont go here.,0,dont go here
1672,As a sushi lover avoid this place by all means.,0,a a sushi lover avoid thi place by all mean
1677,The plantains were the worst I've ever tasted.,0,the plantain be the bad ive ever tast
1679,Service was slow and not attentive.,0,servic be slow and not attent
1681,Your staff spends more time talking to themselves than me.,0,your staff spend more time talk to themselv than me
1685,Total brunch fail.,0,total brunch fail
1691,"I probably won't be back, to be honest.",0,i probabl wont be back to be honest
1695,Went for lunch - service was slow.,0,go for lunch servic be slow
1696,"We had so much to say about the place before we walked in that he expected it to be amazing, but was quickly disappointed.",0,we have so much to say about the place befor we walk in that he expect it to be amaz but be quickli disappoint
1697,I was mortified.,0,i be mortifi
1698,"Needless to say, we will never be back here again.",0,needless to say we will never be back here again
1699,"Anyways, The food was definitely not filling at all, and for the price you pay you should expect more.",0,anyway the food be definit not fill at all and for the price you pay you should expect more
1700,"The chips that came out were dripping with grease, and mostly not edible.",0,the chip that come out be drip with greas and mostli not edibl
1701,I wasn't really impressed with Strip Steak.,0,i wasnt realli impress with strip steak
1705,I work in the hospitality industry in Paradise Valley and have refrained from recommending Cibo any longer.,0,i work in the hospit industri in paradis valley and have refrain from recommend cibo ani long
1707,Would not recommend to others.,0,would not recommend to other
1709,"I mean really, how do you get so famous for your fish and chips when it's so terrible!?!",0,i mean realli how do you get so famou for your fish and chip when it so terribl
1711,Not my thing.,0,not my thing
1713,If you are reading this please don't go there.,0,if you be read thi pleas dont go there
1717,Tonight I had the Elk Filet special...and it sucked.,0,tonight i have the elk filet specialand it suck
1719,We ordered some old classics and some new dishes after going there a few times and were sorely disappointed with everything.,0,we order some old classic and some new dish after go there a few time and be sore disappoint with everyth
1727,A FLY was in my apple juice.. A FLY!!!!!!!!,0,a fli be in my appl juic a fli
1730,"The food was barely lukewarm, so it must have been sitting waiting for the server to bring it out to us.",0,the food be bare lukewarm so it must have be sit wait for the server to bring it out to u
1731,Ryan's Bar is definitely one Edinburgh establishment I won't be revisiting.,0,ryan bar be definit one edinburgh establish i wont be revisit
1735,"Probably never coming back, and wouldn't recommend it.",0,probabl never come back and wouldnt recommend it
1736,"Friend's pasta -- also bad, he barely touched it.",0,friend pasta also bad he bare touch it
1741,It was way over fried.,0,it be way over fri
1742,I'm not sure how long we stood there but it was long enough for me to begin to feel awkwardly out of place.,0,im not sure how long we stand there but it be long enough for me to begin to feel awkwardli out of place
1743,"When I opened the sandwich, I was impressed, but not in a good way.",0,when i open the sandwich i be impress but not in a good way
1744,Will not be back!,0,will not be back
1748,"I have watched their prices inflate, portions get smaller and management attitudes grow rapidly!",0,i have watch their price inflat portion get small and manag attitud grow rapidli
1754,"Main thing I didn't enjoy is that the crowd is of older crowd, around mid 30s and up.",0,main thing i didnt enjoy be that the crowd be of old crowd around mid 30 and up
1756,I had to wait over 30 minutes to get my drink and longer to get 2 arepas.,0,i have to wait over 30 minut to get my drink and long to get 2 arepa
1759,The service was poor and thats being nice.,0,the servic be poor and that be nice
1761,The place was not clean and the food oh so stale!,0,the place be not clean and the food oh so stale
1762,"The chicken dishes are OK, the beef is like shoe leather.",0,the chicken dish be ok the beef be like shoe leather
1763,But the service was beyond bad.,0,but the servic be beyond bad
1765,Tasted like dirt.,0,tast like dirt
1770,My sashimi was poor quality being soggy and tasteless.,0,my sashimi be poor qualiti be soggi and tasteless
1772,"the food is not tasty at all, not to say its ""real traditional Hunan style"".",0,the food be not tasti at all not to say it real tradit hunan style
1773,"What did bother me, was the slow service.",0,what do bother me be the slow servic
1775,Their frozen margaritas are WAY too sugary for my taste.,0,their frozen margarita be way too sugari for my tast
1777,So in a nutshell: 1) The restaraunt smells like a combination of a dirty fish market and a sewer.,0,so in a nutshel 1 the restaraunt smell like a combin of a dirti fish market and a sewer
1778,My girlfriend's veal was very bad.,0,my girlfriend veal be veri bad
1779,"Unfortunately, it was not good.",0,unfortun it be not good
1783,Bland and flavorless is a good way of describing the barely tepid meat.,0,bland and flavorless be a good way of describ the bare tepid meat
1784,"The chains, which I'm no fan of, beat this place easily.",0,the chain which im no fan of beat thi place easili
1786,We will not be coming back.,0,we will not be come back
1791,Once your food arrives it's meh.,0,onc your food arriv it meh
1792,Paying $7.85 for a hot dog and fries that looks like it came out of a kid's meal at the Wienerschnitzel is not my idea of a good meal.,0,pay 785 for a hot dog and fri that look like it come out of a kid meal at the wienerschnitzel be not my idea of a good meal
1794,"My brother in law who works at the mall ate here same day, and guess what he was sick all night too.",0,my brother in law who work at the mall ate here same day and guess what he be sick all night too
1798,Mediocre food.,0,mediocr food
1800,I'm super pissd.,0,im super pissd
1802,Why are these sad little vegetables so overcooked?,0,whi be these sad littl veget so overcook
1805,"I had high hopes for this place since the burgers are cooked over a charcoal grill, but unfortunately the taste fell flat, way flat.",0,i have high hope for thi place sinc the burger be cook over a charcoal grill but unfortun the tast fell flat way flat
1807,Not a single employee came out to see if we were OK or even needed a water refill once they finally served us our food.,0,not a singl employe come out to see if we be ok or even need a water refil onc they final serv u our food
1810,The server was very negligent of our needs and made us feel very unwelcome... I would not suggest this place!,0,the server be veri neglig of our need and make u feel veri unwelcom i would not suggest thi place
1811,The service was terrible though.,0,the servic be terribl though
1812,"This place is overpriced, not consistent with their boba, and it really is OVERPRICED!",0,thi place be overpric not consist with their boba and it realli be overpric
1813,It was packed!!,0,it be pack
1816,The food was terrible.,0,the food be terribl
1818,It kept getting worse and worse so now I'm officially done.,0,it keep get bad and bad so now im offici do
1819,This place should honestly be blown up.,0,thi place should honestli be blow up
1820,But I definitely would not eat here again.,0,but i definit would not eat here again
1821,Do not waste your money here!,0,do not wast your money here
1824,Awful service.,0,aw servic
1825,Won't ever go here again.,0,wont ever go here again
1826,Food quality has been horrible.,0,food qualiti have be horribl
1827,For that price I can think of a few place I would have much rather gone.,0,for that price i can think of a few place i would have much rather go
1828,The service here is fair at best.,0,the servic here be fair at best
1829,"I do love sushi, but I found Kabuki to be over-priced, over-hip and under-services.",0,i do love sushi but i find kabuki to be overpric overhip and underservic
1830,Do yourself a favor and stay away from this dish.,0,do yourself a favor and stay away from thi dish
1831,Very poor service.,0,veri poor servic
1832,No one at the table thought the food was above average or worth the wait that we had for it.,0,no one at the tabl think the food be abov averag or worth the wait that we have for it
1835,I paid the bill but did not tip because I felt the server did a terrible job.,0,i pay the bill but do not tip becaus i felt the server do a terribl job
1837,I have never had such bland food which surprised me considering the article we read focused so much on their spices and flavor.,0,i have never have such bland food which surpris me consid the articl we read focu so much on their spice and flavor
1838,Food is way overpriced and portions are fucking small.,0,food be way overpr and portion be fuck small
1840,"for 40 bucks a head, i really expect better food.",0,for 40 buck a head i realli expect good food
1843,I won't be back.,0,i wont be back
1844,We could not believe how dirty the oysters were!,0,we could not believ how dirti the oyster be
1845,This place deserves no stars.,0,thi place deserv no star
1846,I would not recommend this place.,0,i would not recommend thi place
1848,"To my disbelief, each dish qualified as the worst version of these foods I have ever tasted.",0,to my disbelief each dish qualifi a the bad version of these food i have ever tast
1849,"Bad day or not, I have a very low tolerance for rude customer service people, it is your job to be nice and polite, wash dishes otherwise!!",0,bad day or not i have a veri low toler for rude custom servic peopl it be your job to be nice and polit wash dish otherwis
1851,I probably would not go here again.,0,i probabl would not go here again
1854,"The Wife hated her meal (coconut shrimp), and our friends really did not enjoy their meals, either.",0,the wife hat her meal coconut shrimp and our friend realli do not enjoy their meal either
1855,My fella got the huevos rancheros and they didn't look too appealing.,0,my fella get the huevo ranchero and they didnt look too appeal
1858,I probably won't be coming back here.,0,i probabl wont be come back here
1859,Worst food/service I've had in a while.,0,bad foodservic ive have in a while
1862,"Hot dishes are not hot, cold dishes are close to room temp.I watched staff prepare food with BARE HANDS, no gloves.Everything is deep fried in oil.",0,hot dish be not hot cold dish be close to room tempo watch staff prepar food with bare hand no gloveseveryth be deep fri in oil
1869,The feel of the dining room was more college cooking course than high class dining and the service was slow at best.,0,the feel of the dine room be more colleg cook cours than high class dine and the servic be slow at best
1870,"I started this review with two stars, but I'm editing it to give it only one.",0,i start thi review with two star but im edit it to give it onli one
1871,this is the worst sushi i have ever eat besides Costco's.,0,thi be the bad sushi i have ever eat besid costco
1874,Weird vibe from owners.,0,weird vibe from owner
1875,There was hardly any meat.,0,there be hardli ani meat
1876,I've had better bagels from the grocery store.,0,ive have good bagel from the groceri store
1879,"Now the burgers aren't as good, the pizza which used to be amazing is doughy and flavorless.",0,now the burger arent a good the pizza which use to be amaz be doughi and flavorless
1880,I found a six inch long piece of wire in my salsa.,0,i find a six inch long piec of wire in my salsa
1881,"The service was terrible, food was mediocre.",0,the servic be terribl food be mediocr
1883,I ordered Albondigas soup - which was just warm - and tasted like tomato soup with frozen meatballs.,0,i order albondiga soup which be just warm and tast like tomato soup with frozen meatbal
1884,"On three different occasions I asked for well done or medium well, and all three times I got the bloodiest piece of meat on my plate.",0,on three differ occas i ask for well do or medium well and all three time i get the bloodi piec of meat on my plate
1885,I had about two bites and refused to eat anymore.,0,i have about two bite and refus to eat anymor
1886,The service was extremely slow.,0,the servic be extrem slow
1887,"After 20 minutes wait, I got a table.",0,after 20 minut wait i get a tabl
1889,"No allergy warnings on the menu, and the waitress had absolutely no clue as to which meals did or did not contain peanuts.",0,no allergi warn on the menu and the waitress have absolut no clue a to which meal do or do not contain peanut
1892,Pricing is a bit of a concern at Mellow Mushroom.,0,price be a bit of a concern at mellow mushroom
1893,Worst Thai ever.,0,bad thai ever
1898,Highly unprofessional and rude to a loyal patron!,0,highli unprofession and rude to a loyal patron
1900,Spend your money elsewhere.,0,spend your money elsewher
1902,The Buffet at Bellagio was far from what I anticipated.,0,the buffet at bellagio be far from what i anticip
1903,"And the drinks are WEAK, people!",0,and the drink be weak peopl
1904,-My order was not correct.,0,my order be not correct
1905,"Also, I feel like the chips are bought, not made in house.",0,also i feel like the chip be buy not make in hous
1906,After the disappointing dinner we went elsewhere for dessert.,0,after the disappoint dinner we go elsewher for dessert
1908,We won't be returning.,0,we wont be return
1910,I seriously cannot believe that the owner has so many unexperienced employees that all are running around like chickens with their heads cut off.,0,i serious can not believ that the owner have so mani unexperienc employe that all be run around like chicken with their head cut off
1911,"Very, very sad.",0,veri veri sad
1912,"i felt insulted and disrespected, how could you talk and judge another human being like that?",0,i felt insult and disrespect how could you talk and judg anoth human be like that
1913,"How can you call yourself a steakhouse if you can't properly cook a steak, I don't understand!",0,how can you call yourself a steakhous if you cant properli cook a steak i dont understand
1914,I'm not impressed with the concept or the food.,0,im not impress with the concept or the food
1915,The only thing I wasn't too crazy about was their guacamole as I don't like it puréed.,0,the onli thing i wasnt too crazi about be their guacamol a i dont like it puré
1916,"There is really nothing for me at postinos, hope your experience is better",0,there be realli noth for me at postino hope your experi be well
1917,I got food poisoning here at the buffet.,0,i get food poison here at the buffet
1918,They brought a fresh batch of fries and I was thinking yay something warm but no!,0,they bring a fresh batch of fri and i be think yay someth warm but no
1919,"What SHOULD have been a hilarious, yummy Christmas Eve dinner to remember was the biggest fail of the entire trip for us.",0,what should have be a hilari yummi christma eve dinner to rememb be the big fail of the entir trip for u
1920,"Needless to say, I won't be going back anytime soon.",0,needless to say i wont be go back anytim soon
1921,This place is disgusting!,0,thi place be disgust
1923,The RI style calamari was a joke.,0,the ri style calamari be a joke
1924,"However, there was so much garlic in the fondue, it was barely edible.",0,howev there be so much garlic in the fondu it be bare edibl
1925,"I could barely stomach the meal, but didn't complain because it was a business lunch.",0,i could bare stomach the meal but didnt complain becaus it be a busi lunch
1926,"It was so bad, I had lost the heart to finish it.",0,it be so bad i have lose the heart to finish it
1927,It also took her forever to bring us the check when we asked for it.,0,it also take her forev to bring u the check when we ask for it
1928,We aren't ones to make a scene at restaurants but I just don't get it...definitely lost the love after this one!,0,we arent one to make a scene at restaur but i just dont get itdefinit lose the love after thi one
1929,Disappointing experience.,0,disappoint experi
1930,"The food is about on par with Denny's, which is to say, not good at all.",0,the food be about on par with denni which be to say not good at all
1931,"If you want to wait for mediocre food and downright terrible service, then this is the place for you.",0,if you want to wait for mediocr food and downright terribl servic then thi be the place for you
1932,WAAAAAAyyyyyyyyyy over rated is all I am saying.,0,waaaaaayyyyyyyyyi over rat be all i be say
1933,We won't be going back.,0,we wont be go back
1934,The place was fairly clean but the food simply wasn't worth it.,0,the place be fairli clean but the food simpli wasnt worth it
1935,This place lacked style!!,0,thi place lack style
1936,"The sangria was about half of a glass wine full and was $12, ridiculous.",0,the sangria be about half of a glass wine full and be 12 ridicul
1937,Don't bother coming here.,0,dont bother come here
1938,"The meat was pretty dry, I had the sliced brisket and pulled pork.",0,the meat be pretti dri i have the slice brisket and pull pork
1939,"The building itself seems pretty neat; the bathroom is pretty trippy, but I wouldn't eat here again.",0,the build itself seem pretti neat the bathroom be pretti trippi but i wouldnt eat here again
1940,It was equally awful.,0,it be equal aw
1941,Probably not in a hurry to go back.,0,probabl not in a hurri to go back
1942,very slow at seating even with reservation.,0,veri slow at seat even with reserv
1943,Not good by any stretch of the imagination.,0,not good by ani stretch of the imagin
1944,The cashew cream sauce was bland and the vegetables were undercooked.,0,the cashew cream sauc be bland and the veget be undercook
1945,"The chipolte ranch dipping sause was tasteless, seemed thin and watered down with no heat.",0,the chipolt ranch dip saus be tasteless seem thin and water down with no heat
1946,"It was a bit too sweet, not really spicy enough, and lacked flavor.",0,it be a bit too sweet not realli spici enough and lack flavor
1947,I was VERY disappointed!!,0,i be veri disappoint
1948,This place is horrible and way overpriced.,0,thi place be horribl and way overpric
1949,"Maybe it's just their Vegetarian fare, but I've been twice and I thought it was average at best.",0,mayb it just their vegetarian fare but ive be twice and i think it be averag at best
1950,It wasn't busy at all and now we know why.,0,it wasnt busi at all and now we know whi
1951,The tables outside are also dirty a lot of the time and the workers are not always friendly and helpful with the menu.,0,the tabl outsid be also dirti a lot of the time and the worker be not alway friendli and help with the menu
1952,"The ambiance here did not feel like a buffet setting, but more of a douchey indoor garden for tea and biscuits.",0,the ambianc here do not feel like a buffet set but more of a douchey indoor garden for tea and biscuit
1953,Con: spotty service.,0,con spotti servic
1954,"The fries were not hot, and neither was my burger.",0,the fri be not hot and neither be my burger
1955,But then they came back cold.,0,but then they come back cold
1956,"Then our food came out, disappointment ensued.",0,then our food come out disappoint ensu
1957,The real disappointment was our waiter.,0,the real disappoint be our waiter
1958,My husband said she was very rude... did not even apologize for the bad food or anything.,0,my husband say she be veri rude do not even apolog for the bad food or anyth
1959,The only reason to eat here would be to fill up before a night of binge drinking just to get some carbs in your stomach.,0,the onli reason to eat here would be to fill up befor a night of bing drink just to get some carb in your stomach
1960,"Insults, profound deuchebaggery, and had to go outside for a smoke break while serving just to solidify it.",0,insult profound deuchebaggeri and have to go outsid for a smoke break while serv just to solidifi it
1961,If someone orders two tacos don't' you think it may be part of customer service to ask if it is combo or ala cart?,0,if someon order two taco dont you think it may be part of custom servic to ask if it be combo or ala cart
1962,She was quite disappointed although some blame needs to be placed at her door.,0,she be quit disappoint although some blame need to be place at her door
1963,After all the rave reviews I couldn't wait to eat here......what a disappointment!,0,after all the rave review i couldnt wait to eat herewhat a disappoint
1964,Del Taco is pretty nasty and should be avoided if possible.,0,del taco be pretti nasti and should be avoid if possibl
1965,It's NOT hard to make a decent hamburger.,0,it not hard to make a decent hamburg
1966,But I don't like it.,0,but i dont like it
1967,Hell no will I go back,0,hell no will i go back
1968,We've have gotten a much better service from the pizza place next door than the services we received from this restaurant.,0,weve have get a much good servic from the pizza place next door than the servic we receiv from thi restaur
1969,"I don't know what the big deal is about this place, but I won't be back ""ya'all"".",0,i dont know what the big deal be about thi place but i wont be back yaall
1970,I immediately said I wanted to talk to the manager but I did not want to talk to the guy who was doing shots of fireball behind the bar.,0,i immedi say i want to talk to the manag but i do not want to talk to the guy who be do shot of firebal behind the bar
1971,The ambiance isn't much better.,0,the ambianc isnt much well
1972,"Unfortunately, it only set us up for disapppointment with our entrees.",0,unfortun it onli set u up for disapppoint with our entre
1973,The food wasn't good.,0,the food wasnt good
1974,"Your servers suck, wait, correction, our server Heimer sucked.",0,your server suck wait correct our server heimer suck
1975,What happened next was pretty....off putting.,0,what happen next be prettyoff put
1976,"too bad cause I know it's family owned, I really wanted to like this place.",0,too bad caus i know it famili own i realli want to like thi place
1977,Overpriced for what you are getting.,0,overpric for what you be get
1978,I vomited in the bathroom mid lunch.,0,i vomit in the bathroom mid lunch
1979,"I kept looking at the time and it had soon become 35 minutes, yet still no food.",0,i keep look at the time and it have soon becom 35 minut yet still no food
1980,"I have been to very few places to eat that under no circumstances would I ever return to, and this tops the list.",0,i have be to veri few place to eat that under no circumst would i ever return to and thi top the list
1981,We started with the tuna sashimi which was brownish in color and obviously wasn't fresh.,0,we start with the tuna sashimi which be brownish in color and obvious wasnt fresh
1982,Food was below average.,0,food be below averag
1983,It sure does beat the nachos at the movies but I would expect a little bit more coming from a restaurant.,0,it sure do beat the nacho at the movi but i would expect a littl bit more come from a restaur
1984,"All in all, Ha Long Bay was a bit of a flop.",0,all in all ha long bay be a bit of a flop
1985,The problem I have is that they charge $11.99 for a sandwich that is no bigger than a Subway sub (which offers better and more amount of vegetables).,0,the problem i have be that they charg 1199 for a sandwich that be no big than a subway sub which offer good and more amount of veget
1986,Shrimp- When I unwrapped it (I live only 1/2 a mile from Brushfire) it was literally ice cold.,0,shrimp when i unwrap it i live onli 12 a mile from brushfir it be liter ice cold
1987,"It lacked flavor, seemed undercooked, and dry.",0,it lack flavor seem undercook and dri
1988,It really is impressive that the place hasn't closed down.,0,it realli be impress that the place hasnt close down
1989,I would avoid this place if you are staying in the Mirage.,0,i would avoid thi place if you be stay in the mirag
1990,The refried beans that came with my meal were dried out and crusty and the food was bland.,0,the refri bean that come with my meal be dri out and crusti and the food be bland
1991,Spend your money and time some place else.,0,spend your money and time some place els
1992,A lady at the table next to us found a live green caterpillar In her salad.,0,a ladi at the tabl next to u find a live green caterpillar in her salad
1993,the presentation of the food was awful.,0,the present of the food be aw
1994,I can't tell you how disappointed I was.,0,i cant tell you how disappoint i be
1995,I think food should have flavor and texture and both were lacking.,0,i think food should have flavor and textur and both be lack
1996,Appetite instantly gone.,0,appetit instantli go
1997,Overall I was not impressed and would not go back.,0,overal i be not impress and would not go back
1998,"The whole experience was underwhelming, and I think we'll just go to Ninja Sushi next time.",0,the whole experi be underwhelm and i think well just go to ninja sushi next time
1999,"Then, as if I hadn't wasted enough of my life there, they poured salt in the wound by drawing out the time it took to bring the check.",0,then a if i hadnt wast enough of my life there they pour salt in the wound by draw out the time it take to bring the check
2000,So there is no way for me to plug it in here in the US unless I go by a converter.,0,so there be no way for me to plug it in here in the u unless i go by a convert
2003,Tied to charger for conversations lasting more than 45 minutes.MAJOR PROBLEMS!!,0,tie to charger for convers last more than 45 minutesmajor problem
2005,I have to jiggle the plug to get it to line up right to get decent volume.,0,i have to jiggl the plug to get it to line up right to get decent volum
2006,"If you have several dozen or several hundred contacts, then imagine the fun of sending each of them one by one.",0,if you have sever dozen or sever hundr contact then imagin the fun of send each of them one by one
2008,"Needless to say, I wasted my money.",0,needless to say i wast my money
2009,What a waste of money and time!.,0,what a wast of money and time
2012,If the two were seperated by a mere 5+ ft I started to notice excessive static and garbled sound from the headset.,0,if the two be seper by a mere 5 ft i start to notic excess static and garbl sound from the headset
2014,"The design is very odd, as the ear ""clip"" is not very comfortable at all.",0,the design be veri odd a the ear clip be not veri comfort at all
2016,I advise EVERYONE DO NOT BE FOOLED!,0,i advis everyon do not be fool
2019,It clicks into place in a way that makes you wonder how long that mechanism would last.,0,it click into place in a way that make you wonder how long that mechan would last
2020,"I went on Motorola's website and followed all directions, but could not get it to pair again.",0,i go on motorola websit and follow all direct but could not get it to pair again
2022,The commercials are the most misleading.,0,the commerci be the most mislead
2024,I bought it for my mother and she had a problem with the battery.,0,i buy it for my mother and she have a problem with the batteri
2027,I didn't think that the instructions provided were helpful to me.,0,i didnt think that the instruct provid be help to me
2028,People couldnt hear me talk and I had to pull out the earphone and talk on the phone.,0,peopl couldnt hear me talk and i have to pull out the earphon and talk on the phone
2029,Doesn't hold charge.,0,doesnt hold charg
2030,"This is a simple little phone to use, but the breakage is unacceptible.",0,thi be a simpl littl phone to use but the breakag be unaccept
2032,It is unusable in a moving car at freeway speed.,0,it be unus in a move car at freeway speed
2033,I have two more years left in this contract and I hate this phone.,0,i have two more year leav in thi contract and i hate thi phone
2035,You need at least 3 mins to get to your phone book from the time you first turn on the phone.Battery life is short.,0,you need at least 3 min to get to your phone book from the time you first turn on the phonebatteri life be short
2037,Poor Talk Time Performance.,0,poor talk time perform
2039,worthless product.,0,worthless product
2041,I was not impressed by this product.,0,i be not impress by thi product
2043,I only hear garbage for audio.,0,i onli hear garbag for audio
2046,Who in their right mind is gonna buy this battery?.,0,who in their right mind be gon na buy thi batteri
2047,AFTER ARGUING WITH VERIZON REGARDING THE DROPPED CALLS WE RETURNED THE PHONES AFTER TWO DAYS.,0,after argu with verizon regard the drop call we return the phone after two day
2049,Disappointed with battery.,0,disappoint with batteri
2050,Not loud enough and doesn't turn on like it should.,0,not loud enough and doesnt turn on like it should
2056,VERY DISAPPOINTED.,0,veri disappoint
2059,The buttons for on and off are bad.,0,the button for on and off be bad
2060,Essentially you can forget Microsoft's tech support.,0,essenti you can forget microsoft tech support
2063,Buy a different phone - but not this.,0,buy a differ phone but not thi
2064,You have to hold the phone at a particular angle for the other party to hear you clearly.,0,you have to hold the phone at a particular angl for the other parti to hear you clearli
2065,The one big drawback of the MP3 player is that the buttons on the phone's front cover that let you pause and skip songs lock out after a few seconds.,0,the one big drawback of the mp3 player be that the button on the phone front cover that let you paus and skip song lock out after a few second
2066,"A week later after I activated it, it suddenly died.",0,a week later after i activ it it suddenli die
2070,Mic Doesn't work.,0,mic doesnt work
2071,"Even in my BMW 3 series which is fairly quiet, I have trouble hearing what the other person is saying.",0,even in my bmw 3 seri which be fairli quiet i have troubl hear what the other person be say
2076,Do Not Buy for D807...wrongly advertised for D807.,0,do not buy for d807wrongli advertis for d807
2079,I purchased this and within 2 days it was no longer working!!!!!!!!!,0,i purchas thi and within 2 day it be no long work
2081,Not a good bargain.,0,not a good bargain
2083,The battery runs down quickly.,0,the batteri run down quickli
2084,"This item worked great, but it broke after 6 months of use.",0,thi item work great but it break after 6 month of use
2087,The construction of the headsets is poor.,0,the construct of the headset be poor
2090,"For a product that costs as much as this one does, I expect it to work far better and with greater ease than this thing does.",0,for a product that cost as much a thi one do i expect it to work far well and with great eas than thi thing do
2093,The ear buds only play music in one ear.,0,the ear bud onli play music in one ear
2094,Dont waste your money...,0,dont wast your money
2096,If you plan to use this in a car forget about it.,0,if you plan to use thi in a car forget about it
2097,I found this product to be waaay too big.,0,i find thi product to be waaay too big
2099,I'm very disappointed with my decision.,0,im veri disappoint with my decis
2101,"Buyer Beware, you could flush money right down the toilet.",0,buyer bewar you could flush money right down the toilet
2104,I received my supposedly new motorola 375 and apparently there was not a match between the phone and the charger.,0,i receiv my supposedli new motorola 375 and appar there be not a match between the phone and the charger
2106,"That's a huge design flaw (unless I'm not using it correctly, which I don't think is the case).",0,that a huge design flaw unless im not use it correctli which i dont think be the case
2108,"The camera, although rated at an impressive 1.3 megapixels, renders images that fall well below expectations of such a relatively high resolution.",0,the camera although rat at an impress 13 megapixel render imag that fall well below expect of such a rel high resolut
2109,I purcashed this for the car charger and it does not work.,0,i purcash thi for the car charger and it do not work
2116,i got this phone around the end of may and i'm completely unhappy with it.,0,i get thi phone around the end of may and im complet unhappi with it
2121,Could not get strong enough signal.,0,could not get strong enough signal
2123,Bad Quality.,0,bad qualiti
2126,Basically the service was very bad.,0,basic the servic be veri bad
2127,it did not work in my cell phone plug i am very up set with the charger!.,0,it do not work in my cell phone plug i be veri up set with the charger
2129,The BT headset was such a disapoinment.,0,the bt headset be such a disapoin
2134,Buyer--Be Very Careful!!!!!.,0,buyerb veri care
2135,The majority of the Logitech earbud headsets failed.,0,the major of the logitech earbud headset fail
2138,In my house I was getting dropped coverage upstairs and no coverage in my basement.,0,in my hous i be get drop coverag upstair and no coverag in my basement
2140,What a waste.,0,what a wast
2141,"During several different 2 minute calls, I experienced 5 drops and it was in an area that had 5 bars.",0,dure sever differ 2 minut call i experi 5 drop and it be in an area that have 5 bar
2142,I was not happy with this item.,0,i be not happi with thi item
2143,very disappointed.,0,veri disappoint
2144,The phone takes FOREVER to charge like 2 to 5 hours literally.,0,the phone take forev to charg like 2 to 5 hour liter
2146,What a waste of time!,0,what a wast of time
2147,Its reception is very very poor.,0,it recept be veri veri poor
2148,Items stated as included from the description ARE NOT INCLUDED.,0,item state a includ from the descript be not includ
2149,"After 3 months, screen just went black all of a sudden.",0,after 3 month screen just go black all of a sudden
2150,I Was Hoping for More.,0,i be hop for more
2151,"Audio Quality is poor, very poor.",0,audio qualiti be poor veri poor
2154,I've bought $5 wired headphones that sound better than these.,0,ive buy 5 wire headphon that sound good than these
2160,"All I can do is whine on the Internet, so here it goes.The more I use the thing the less I like it.",0,all i can do be whine on the internet so here it goesth more i use the thing the less i like it
2162,This is essentially a communications tool that does not communicate.,0,thi be essenti a commun tool that do not commun
2164,"I still maintain that monkeys shouldn't make headphones, we just obviously don't share enough DNA to copy the design over to humans.",0,i still maintain that monkey shouldnt make headphon we just obvious dont share enough dna to copi the design over to human
2166,Doesn't work at all.. I bougth it for my L7c and its not working.,0,doesnt work at all i bougth it for my l7c and it not work
2168,doesn't last long.,0,doesnt last long
2169,One thing I hate is the mode set button at the side.,0,one thing i hate be the mode set button at the side
2171,Thank you for wasting my money.,0,thank you for wast my money
2172,How can that be?The audio quality is poor.,0,how can that beth audio qualiti be poor
2177,"I put the latest OS on it (v1.15g), and it now likes to slow to a crawl and lock up every once in a while.",0,i put the late o on it v115g and it now like to slow to a crawl and lock up everi onc in a while
2178,It only recognizes the Phone as its storage device.,0,it onli recogn the phone a it storag devic
2179,"If you like a loud buzzing to override all your conversations, then this phone is for you!",0,if you like a loud buzz to overrid all your convers then thi phone be for you
2180,Don't buy this product.,0,dont buy thi product
2181,I've had this bluetoooth headset for some time now and still not comfortable with the way it fits on the ear.,0,ive have thi bluetoooth headset for some time now and still not comfort with the way it fit on the ear
2183,"I have this phone and it is a thorn in my side, I really abhor it.",0,i have thi phone and it be a thorn in my side i realli abhor it
2184,I recently had problems where I could not stay connected for more than 10 minutes before being disconnected.,0,i recent have problem where i could not stay connect for more than 10 minut befor be disconnect
2186,Design Flaw?.,0,design flaw
2188,Waste of 13 bucks.,0,wast of 13 buck
2189,"But when I check voice mail at night, the keypad backlight turns off a few seconds into the first message, and then I'm lost.",0,but when i check voic mail at night the keypad backlight turn off a few second into the first messag and then im lost
2190,The replacement died in a few weeks.,0,the replac die in a few week
2193,I have had problems wit hit dropping signal and more.,0,i have have problem wit hit drop signal and more
2194,Not impressed.,0,not impress
2197,Bad Choice.,0,bad choic
2198,The pleather case doesn't fit.,0,the pleather case doesnt fit
2199,"useless phone, simply deaf.",0,useless phone simpli deaf
2202,It makes very strange ticking noises before it ends the call.,0,it make veri strang tick nois befor it end the call
2204,Battery lasts only a few hours.,0,batteri last onli a few hour
2209,We are sending it back.,0,we be send it back
2210,I did not bother contacting the company for few dollar product but I learned the lesson that I should not have bought this form online anyway.,0,i do not bother contact the compani for few dollar product but i learn the lesson that i should not have buy thi form onlin anyway
2211,"If you hate earbugs, avoid this phone by all means.",0,if you hate earbug avoid thi phone by all mean
2217,"I also didn't like the ""on"" button, it felt like it would crack with use.",0,i also didnt like the on button it felt like it would crack with use
2218,WORST PHONE EVER.,0,worst phone ever
2220,Freezes frequently4.,0,freez frequently4
2221,It's kind of embarrassing to use because of how it looks and mostly it's embarrassing how child-like the company is.,0,it kind of embarrass to use becaus of how it look and mostli it embarrass how childlik the compani be
2223,"All in all, I'd expected a better consumer experience from Motorola.",0,all in all id expect a good consum experi from motorola
2224,There's a horrible tick sound in the background on all my calls that I have never experienced before.,0,there a horribl tick sound in the background on all my call that i have never experi befor
2227,I'm a bit disappointed.,0,im a bit disappoint
2228,"I have had this phone for over a year now, and I will tell you, its not that great.",0,i have have thi phone for over a year now and i will tell you it not that great
2229,I ordered this for sony Ericsson W810i but I think it only worked once (thats when I first used it).,0,i order thi for soni ericsson w810i but i think it onli work onc that when i first use it
2230,The battery is completely useless to me.,0,the batteri be complet useless to me
2231,What a big waste of time.,0,what a big wast of time
2232,Don't waste your $$$ on this one.,0,dont wast your on thi one
2239,Do not make the same mistake as me.,0,do not make the same mistak a me
2240,Big Disappointment with calendar sync.,0,big disappoint with calendar sync
2241,the phone was unusable and was not new.,0,the phone be unus and be not new
2242,Worst Customer Service Ever.,0,worst custom servic ever
2243,"No additional ear gels provided, and no instructions whatsoever.",0,no addit ear gel provid and no instruct whatsoev
2244,It defeats the purpose of a bluetooth headset.,0,it defeat the purpos of a bluetooth headset
2248,Internet is excrutiatingly slow.,0,internet be excrutiatingli slow
2254,This product had a strong rubber/petroleum smell that was unbearable after a while and caused me to return it,0,thi product have a strong rubberpetroleum smell that be unbear after a while and caus me to return it
2255,poor quality and service.,0,poor qualiti and servic
2256,"The cable looks so thin and flimsy, it is scary.",0,the cabl look so thin and flimsi it be scari
2263,Absolutel junk.,0,absolutel junk
2264,THAT one didn't work either.,0,that one didnt work either
2266,Returned 8 hours later.,0,return 8 hour later
2268,Don't waste your money!.,0,dont wast your money
2270,"Not only will it drain your player, but may also potentially fry it.",0,not onli will it drain your player but may also potenti fri it
2272,Unreliable - I'm giving up.,0,unreli im give up
2274,Avoid this one if you can.,0,avoid thi one if you can
2276,I wasted my little money with this earpiece.,0,i wast my littl money with thi earpiec
2282,"First of all, it doesn't wear well.",0,first of all it doesnt wear well
2286,I wouldn't recommend buying this product.,0,i wouldnt recommend buy thi product
2287,Piece of Junk.,0,piec of junk
2288,Poorly contstruct hinge.,0,poorli contstruct hing
2291,Don't buy it.,0,dont buy it
2293,DO NOT PURCHASE THIS PHONE.,0,do not purchas thi phone
2298,Customer service was terrible.,0,custom servic be terribl
2299,Battery life still not long enough in Motorola Razor V3i.,0,batteri life still not long enough in motorola razor v3i
2300,Sending it back.,0,send it back
2307,"As many people complained, I found this headset's microphone was very weak.",0,a mani peopl complain i find thi headset microphon be veri weak
2308,My 5-year old Nokia 2160 from Tracfone holds the charge a lot better than this.,0,my 5year old nokia 2160 from tracfon hold the charg a lot good than thi
2309,They do not care about the consumer one bit.,0,they do not care about the consum one bit
2311,The instruction manual is lacking.,0,the instruct manual be lack
2314,The battery is unreliable as well as the service use antena.,0,the batteri be unreli as well a the servic use antena
2315,It's uncomfortable and the sound quality is quite poor compared with the phone (Razr) or with my previous wired headset (that plugged into an LG).,0,it uncomfort and the sound qualiti be quit poor compar with the phone razr or with my previou wire headset that plug into an lg
2318,I want my money back.,0,i want my money back
2321,I ordered this product first and was unhappy with it immediately.,0,i order thi product first and be unhappi with it immedi
2322,The Ngage is still lacking in earbuds.,0,the ngage be still lack in earbud
2324,"I have 2-3 bars on my cell phone when I am home, but you cant not hear anything.",0,i have 23 bar on my cell phone when i be home but you cant not hear anyth
2326,"However-the riingtones are not the best, and neither are the games.",0,howeverth riington be not the best and neither be the game
2327,The plug did not work very well.,0,the plug do not work veri well
2328,AMAZON SUCKS.,0,amazon suck
2329,Rip off---- Over charge shipping.,0,rip off over charg ship
2335,1. long lasting battery (you don't have to recharge it as frequentyly as some of the flip phones)2.,0,1 long last batteri you dont have to recharg it as frequentyli a some of the flip phones2
2336,Obviously there is a problem with the adhesive.,0,obvious there be a problem with the adhes
2337,Very disappointing.,0,veri disappoint
2338,"It was an inexpensive piece, but I would still have expected better quality.",0,it be an inexpens piec but i would still have expect good qualiti
2339,It is practically useless and did not add any kind of boost to my reception after I bought it.,0,it be practic useless and do not add ani kind of boost to my recept after i buy it
2341,Was not happy.,0,be not happi
2342,A PIECE OF JUNK THAT BROKE AFTER BEING ON MY PHONE FOR 2 DAYS!!!,0,a piec of junk that break after be on my phone for 2 day
2344,Worst customer service.,0,worst custom servic
2346,Reception is terrible and full of static.,0,recept be terribl and full of static
2349,"I was sitting in my vehicle, with the cradle on my belt, and the headset lost signal.",0,i be sit in my vehicl with the cradl on my belt and the headset lose signal
2350,Were JERKS on the phone.,0,be jerk on the phone
2353,Their network coverage in Los Angeles is horrible.,0,their network coverag in lo angel be horribl
2354,Excellent starter wireless headset.,0,excel starter wireless headset
2355,"The loudspeaker option is great, the bumpers with the lights is very ... appealing.",0,the loudspeak option be great the bumper with the light be veri appeal
2356,The only thing that I think could improve is the sound leaks out from the headset.,0,the onli thing that i think could improv be the sound leak out from the headset
2357,"First off the reception sucks, I have never had more than 2 bars, ever.",0,first off the recept suck i have never have more than 2 bar ever
2358,The phone gets EXTREMELY HOT!,0,the phone get extrem hot
2361,"Also, if your phone is dropped, this case is not going to save it, specially when dropped face down.",0,also if your phone be drop thi case be not go to save it special when drop face down
2363,"bad fit, way too big.",0,bad fit way too big
2366,Waste of money.,0,wast of money
2370,"I'll be drivng along, and my headset starts ringing for no reason.",0,ill be drivng along and my headset start ring for no reason
2373,The worst phone I've ever had.... Only had it for a few months.,0,the bad phone ive ever have onli have it for a few month
2374,Not a good item.. It worked for a while then started having problems in my auto reverse tape player.,0,not a good item it work for a while then start have problem in my auto revers tape player
2375,This is so embarassing and also my ears hurt if I try to push the ear plug into my ear.,0,thi be so embarass and also my ear hurt if i tri to push the ear plug into my ear
2377,This is a VERY average phone with bad battery life that operates on a weak network.,0,thi be a veri averag phone with bad batteri life that oper on a weak network
2379,Soyo technology sucks.,0,soyo technolog suck
2382,Same problem as others have mentioned.,0,same problem a other have mention
2385,The worst piece of crap ever along with the Verizon customer service.,0,the bad piec of crap ever along with the verizon custom servic
2386,Poor sound quality.,0,poor sound qualiti
2391,The picture resolution is far below what other comparably-priced phones are offering today.,0,the pictur resolut be far below what other comparablypr phone be offer today
2396,"Using all earpieces, left or right, this thing will not stay on my ear.",0,use all earpiec leav or right thi thing will not stay on my ear
2399,Still Waiting...... I'm sure this item would work well.. if I ever recieve it!,0,still wait im sure thi item would work well if i ever reciev it
2400,what a disappointment,0,what a disappoint
2404,don't waste your money and time.,0,dont wast your money and time
2406,"It's so stupid to have to keep buying new chargers, car chargers, cradles, headphones and car kits every time a new phone comes out.",0,it so stupid to have to keep buy new charger car charger cradl headphon and car kit everi time a new phone come out
2409,I came over from Verizon because cingulair has nicer cell phones.... the first thing I noticed was the really bad service.,0,i come over from verizon becaus cingulair have nicer cell phone the first thing i notic be the realli bad servic
2410,I'll be looking for a new earpiece.,0,ill be look for a new earpiec
2413,We received a WHITE colored battery that goes DEAD after a couple hoursTHe original used to last a week - but still lasts longer than thereplacement,0,we receiv a white color batteri that go dead after a coupl hoursth origin use to last a week but still last long than thereplac
2414,After a year the battery went completely dead on my headset.,0,after a year the batteri go complet dead on my headset
2417,This is the first phone I've had that has been so cheaply made.,0,thi be the first phone ive have that have be so cheapli make
2418,"Att is not clear, sound is very distorted and you have to yell when you talk.",0,att be not clear sound be veri distort and you have to yell when you talk
2419,The plastic breaks really easy on this clip.,0,the plastic break realli easi on thi clip
2421,Don't make the same mistake I did.,0,dont make the same mistak i do
2422,Oh and I forgot to also mention the weird color effect it has on your phone.,0,oh and i forget to also mention the weird color effect it have on your phone
2424,Also the area where my unit broke).- I'm not too fond of the magnetic strap.,0,also the area where my unit break im not too fond of the magnet strap
2427,"Another note about this phone's appearance is that it really looks rather bland, especially in the all black model.",0,anoth note about thi phone appear be that it realli look rather bland especi in the all black model
2432,Low Quality.,0,low qualiti
2435,Warning - Stay away.,0,warn stay away
2436,I wish I could return the unit and get back my money.,0,i wish i could return the unit and get back my money
2438,I used to talk on it for 1 - 1 1/2 hours and the battery would be literally drained and dying.,0,i use to talk on it for 1 1 12 hour and the batteri would be liter drain and die
2439,"If you don't find it, too bad, as again the unit comes with one earpad only.I would not recommend this to anyone.",0,if you dont find it too bad a again the unit come with one earpad onlyi would not recommend thi to anyon
2440,Very Displeased.,0,veri displeas
2441,"I might have gotten a defect, but I would not risk buying it again because of the built quality alone.",0,i might have get a defect but i would not risk buy it again becaus of the built qualiti alon
2442,They made this case too small and is very difficult to install.,0,they make thi case too small and be veri difficult to instal
2446,Does not fit.,0,do not fit
2449,There's really nothing bad I can say about this headset.,0,there realli noth bad i can say about thi headset
2453,I even fully charged it before I went to bed and turned off blue tooth and wi-fi and noticed that it only had 20 % left in the morning.,0,i even fulli charg it befor i go to bed and turn off blue tooth and wifi and notic that it onli have 20 leav in the morn
2454,I've also had problems with the phone reading the memory card in which I always turn it on and then off again.,0,ive also have problem with the phone read the memori card in which i alway turn it on and then off again
2455,Not good when wearing a hat or sunglasses.,0,not good when wear a hat or sunglass
2459,Horrible phone.,0,horribl phone
2460,BT50 battery junk!.,0,bt50 batteri junk
2462,Cant get the software to work with my computer.,0,cant get the softwar to work with my comput
2463,Disappointed!.,0,disappoint
2464,poor voice clarity.,0,poor voic clariti
2466,No buyers remorse on this one!.,0,no buyer remors on thi one
2467,Very disappointed in AccessoryOne.,0,veri disappoint in accessoryon
2468,I find this inexcusable and so will probably be returning this phone and perhaps changing carriers.,0,i find thi inexcus and so will probabl be return thi phone and perhap chang carrier
2471,The update procedure is difficult and cumbersome.,0,the updat procedur be difficult and cumbersom
2472,Disappointment.. I hate anything that goes in my ear.,0,disappoint i hate anyth that go in my ear
2476,"Uncomfortable In the Ear, Don't use with LG VX9900 (EnV).",0,uncomfort in the ear dont use with lg vx9900 env
2477,The volume switch rocketed out of the unit to a destination unknown.,0,the volum switch rocket out of the unit to a destin unknown
2479,I'd like to return it.,0,id like to return it
2481,"Verizon's bills, however, are difficult to understand even though their pricing plans are simple.",0,verizon bill howev be difficult to understand even though their price plan be simpl
2485,A Disappointment.,0,a disappoint
2486,Its not user friendly.,0,it not user friendli
2487,Unfortunately the ability to actually know you are receiving a call is a rather important feature and this phone is pitiful in that respect.,0,unfortun the abil to actual know you be receiv a call be a rather import featur and thi phone be piti in that respect
2488,"Then I exchanged for the same phone, even that had the same problem.",0,then i exchang for the same phone even that have the same problem
2489,This results in the phone being either stuck at max volume or mute.,0,thi result in the phone be either stick at max volum or mute
2494,Pretty piece of junk.,0,pretti piec of junk
2495,Plug was the wrong size.,0,plug be the wrong size
2497,Save your money.... I've had this item for 11 months now.,0,save your money ive have thi item for 11 month now
2498,Bad Purchase.,0,bad purchas
2502,Defective crap.,0,defect crap
2503,I would have given no star if I was able.,0,i would have give no star if i be abl
2505,"The sound quality for the device is unacceptable.Unless you are in a really quiet area, you almost hear nothing.",0,the sound qualiti for the devic be unacceptableunless you be in a realli quiet area you almost hear noth
2506,I would not recommend this item to anyone.,0,i would not recommend thi item to anyon
2507,The holster that arrived did not match the photo in the ad.,0,the holster that arriv do not match the photo in the ad
2509,"As an earlier review noted, plug in this charger and nothing happens.",0,a an earli review note plug in thi charger and noth happen
2511,You never know if you pushed it hard enough or the right number of times for the function you want or not.,0,you never know if you push it hard enough or the right number of time for the function you want or not
2519,I am not impressed with this and i would not recommend this item to anyone.,0,i be not impress with thi and i would not recommend thi item to anyon
2520,My only complaint is the standard sound volume is a little low even when turned up to 5(of 5),0,my onli complaint be the standard sound volum be a littl low even when turn up to 5of 5
2525,REALLY UGLY.,0,realli ugli
2526,"horrible, had to switch 3 times.",0,horribl have to switch 3 time
2528,No real improvement.,0,no real improv
2531,They refuse to refund or replace.,0,they refus to refund or replac
2532,Unfortunately it's easy to accidentally activate them with the gentle-touch buttons if you accidentally touch the phone to your face while listening.,0,unfortun it easi to accident activ them with the gentletouch button if you accident touch the phone to your face while listen
2533,So I basically threw my money out the window for nothing.,0,so i basic throw my money out the window for noth
2535,All it took was one drop from about 6 inches above the kitchen counter and it was cracked.I am not impressed and I am not laughing.,0,all it take be one drop from about 6 inch abov the kitchen counter and it be crackedi be not impress and i be not laugh
2539,none of the new ones have ever quite worked properly.,0,none of the new one have ever quit work properli
2541,I've missed numerous calls because of this reason.,0,ive miss numer call becaus of thi reason
2542,"Perhaps my phone is defective, but people cannot hear me when I use this.",0,perhap my phone be defect but peopl can not hear me when i use thi
2543,Don't buy this product.,0,dont buy thi product
2544,"sucked, most of the stuff does not work with my phone.",0,suck most of the stuff do not work with my phone
2546,Worst software ever used.... If I could give this zero stars I would.,0,bad softwar ever use if i could give thi zero star i would
2547,Trying to make a call on these is an exercise in frustration.,0,tri to make a call on these be an exercis in frustrat
2548,The case is a flimsy piece of plastic and has no front or side protection whatsoever.,0,the case be a flimsi piec of plastic and have no front or side protect whatsoev
2554,I give Wirefly 1 star.I will contact Cingular/AT&T; and inform them of this practice.,0,i give wirefli 1 stari will contact cingularatt and inform them of thi practic
2555,It's AGGRAVATING!,0,it aggrav
2559,"None of it works, just don't buy it.",0,none of it work just dont buy it
2560,"Muddy, low quality sound, and the casing around the wire's insert was poorly super glued and slid off.",0,muddi low qualiti sound and the case around the wire insert be poorli super glue and slide off
2561,Please dont waste your money.,0,pleas dont wast your money
2563,"If you are looking for a good quality Motorola Headset keep looking, this isn't it.",0,if you be look for a good qualiti motorola headset keep look thi isnt it
2564,Yet Plantronincs continues to use the same flawed charger design.,0,yet plantroninc continu to use the same flaw charger design
2565,Disapointing Results.,0,disapoint result
2566,Cumbersome design.,0,cumbersom design
2569,It's A PIECE OF CRAP!,0,it a piec of crap
2570,"My experience was terrible..... This was my fourth bluetooth headset, and while it was much more comfortable than my last Jabra (which I HATED!!!",0,my experi be terribl thi be my fourth bluetooth headset and while it be much more comfort than my last jabra which i hat
2572,Worst ever.,0,worst ever
2575,"I can barely ever hear on it and am constantly saying ""what?""",0,i can bare ever hear on it and be constantli say what
2576,The battery life is highly unacceptable.,0,the batteri life be highli unaccept
2577,That company is a joke.,0,that compani be a joke
2579,Due to this happening on every call I was forced to stop using this headset.,0,due to thi happen on everi call i be forc to stop use thi headset
2581,"Verizon tech support walked my through a few procedures, none of which worked and I ended up having to do a hard re-set, wiping out all my data.",0,verizon tech support walk my through a few procedur none of which work and i end up have to do a hard reset wipe out all my data
2582,"Voice Quality, Signal Strength, Dropped Calls.",0,voic qualiti signal strength drop call
2585,"It feels poorly constructed, the menus are difficult to navigate, and the buttons are so recessed that it is difficult to push them.",0,it feel poorli construct the menu be difficult to navig and the button be so recess that it be difficult to push them
2587,Also difficult to put on.I'd recommend avoiding this product.,0,also difficult to put onid recommend avoid thi product
2588,"I only used it two days, and it wasn't always easy to hear with.",0,i onli use it two day and it wasnt alway easi to hear with
2589,I got the car charger and not even after a week the charger was broken...I went to plug it in and it started smoking.,0,i get the car charger and not even after a week the charger be brokeni go to plug it in and it start smoke
2590,Sprint - terrible customer service.,0,sprint terribl custom servic
2595,"What possesed me to get this junk, I have no idea...",0,what posses me to get thi junk i have no idea
2596,Piece of trash.,0,piec of trash
2601,"The real killer is the volume, and of course it breaking.",0,the real killer be the volum and of cours it break
2604,Poor Construction.,0,poor construct
2605,This is infuriating.,0,thi be infuri
2607,Sprint charges for this service.,0,sprint charg for thi servic
2608,"It is cheap, and it feel and look just as cheap.",0,it be cheap and it feel and look just a cheap
2610,It doesn't work in Europe or Asia.,0,it doesnt work in europ or asia
2614,the worst phone from samsung...crap..... this crappy Samsung E715.. is the worst i have ever seeen.,0,the bad phone from samsungcrap thi crappi samsung e715 be the bad i have ever seeen
2615,the charger worked for about a week and then completely stopped charging my phone.,0,the charger work for about a week and then complet stop charg my phone
2616,Poor product.,0,poor product
2617,However I needed some better instructions.,0,howev i need some good instruct
2618,You need two hands to operate the screen.This software interface is decade old and cannot compete with new software designs.,0,you need two hand to oper the screenthi softwar interfac be decad old and can not compet with new softwar design
2620,"Steer clear of this product and go with the genuine Palm replacementr pens, which come in a three-pack.",0,steer clear of thi product and go with the genuin palm replacementr pen which come in a threepack
2621,DO NOT BUY DO NOT BUYIT SUCKS,0,do not buy do not buyit suck
2623,"Plus, I seriously do not believe it is worth its steep price point.",0,plu i serious do not believ it be worth it steep price point
2625,Very Dissapointing Performance.,0,veri dissapoint perform
2626,Don't make the same mistake that I did and please don't buy this phone.,0,dont make the same mistak that i do and pleas dont buy thi phone
2627,This phone might well be the worst I've ever had in any brand.,0,thi phone might well be the bad ive ever have in ani brand
2628,Case was more or less an extra that I originally put on but later discarded because it scratched my ear.,0,case be more or less an extra that i origin put on but later discard becaus it scratch my ear
2630,Don't bother - go to the store.,0,dont bother go to the store
2633,You get what you pay for I guess.,0,you get what you pay for i guess
2637,"However, BT headsets are currently not good for real time games like first-person shooters since the audio delay messes me up.",0,howev bt headset be current not good for real time game like firstperson shooter sinc the audio delay mess me up
2639,Disappointing accessory from a good manufacturer.,0,disappoint accessori from a good manufactur
2640,"Performed awful -- muffled, tinny incoming sound and severe echo for those on the other end of the call.",0,perform aw muffl tinni incom sound and sever echo for those on the other end of the call
2642,"Obviously they have a terrible customer service, so you get what you pay for.",0,obvious they have a terribl custom servic so you get what you pay for
2644,"I contacted the company and they told me that, although the unit was still under warranty, if I couldn't produce my receipt I was out of luck.",0,i contact the compani and they tell me that although the unit be still under warranti if i couldnt produc my receipt i be out of luck
2645,Linksys should have some way to exchange a bad phone for a refurb unit or something!,0,linksi should have some way to exchang a bad phone for a refurb unit or someth
2648,"When I placed my treo into the case, not only was it NOT snug, but there was A LOT of extra room on the sides.",0,when i place my treo into the case not onli be it not snug but there be a lot of extra room on the side
2650,Battery is terrible.,0,batteri be terribl
2652,The earpiece on this is too large or too heavy...it keeps falling out of my ear.,0,the earpiec on thi be too larg or too heavyit keep fall out of my ear
2653,Utter crap.. Sound quality is TERRIBLE.,0,utter crap sound qualiti be terribl
2654,"The charger arrived within the promised timeframe, but it did not work.",0,the charger arriv within the promis timefram but it do not work
2656,"Finally, after three or four times the spring of the latch broke and I could not use it any longer on the visor.",0,final after three or four time the spring of the latch break and i could not use it ani longer on the visor
2658,Talk about USELESS customer service.,0,talk about useless custom servic
2659,"It felt too light and ""tinny."".",0,it felt too light and tinni
2660,This does not fit the Palm Tungsten E2 and it broke the first time I tried to plug it in.,0,thi do not fit the palm tungsten e2 and it break the first time i tri to plug it in
2665,I could not recommend these more.,0,i could not recommend these more
2667,"Looks good in the picture, but this case was a huge disappointment!!",0,look good in the pictur but thi case be a huge disappoint
2670,its extremely slow and takes forever to do anything with it.,0,it extrem slow and take forev to do anyth with it
2671,"A must study for anyone interested in the ""worst sins"" of industrial design.",0,a must studi for anyon interest in the bad sin of industri design
2672,The first thing that happened was that the tracking was off.,0,the first thing that happen be that the track be off
2674,Then I had to continue pairing it periodically since it somehow kept dropping.,0,then i have to continu pair it period sinc it somehow keep drop
2675,Can't upload ringtones from a third party.,0,cant upload rington from a third parti
2676,"Bluetooth does not work, phone locks up, screens just flash up and now it just makes calls randomly while in my pocket locked.",0,bluetooth do not work phone lock up screen just flash up and now it just make call randomli while in my pocket lock
2677,Truly awful.,0,truli aw
2680,And none of the tones is acceptable.,0,and none of the tone be accept
2681,camera color balance is AWFUL.,0,camera color balanc be aw
2682,"This product is clearly not ready for prime time, I don't care how cool it looks, if you can't tell a call is coming in it's worthless.",0,thi product be clearli not readi for prime time i dont care how cool it look if you cant tell a call be come in it worthless
2684,Chinese Forgeries Abound!.,0,chines forgeri abound
2686,The instructions didn't explain that a microphone jack could be used.,0,the instruct didnt explain that a microphon jack could be use
2687,i would advise to not purchase this item it never worked very well.,0,i would advis to not purchas thi item it never work veri well
2688,Too bad you have to pay up to $$$ a month for the service!,0,too bad you have to pay up to a month for the servic
2690,The nokia CA-42 USB cable did not work with my phone.,0,the nokia ca42 usb cabl do not work with my phone
2693,"The biggest complaint I have is, the battery drains superfast.",0,the big complaint i have be the batteri drain superfast
2694,The design might be ergonomic in theory but I could not stand having these in my ear.,0,the design might be ergonom in theori but i could not stand have these in my ear
2695,Do NOT buy if you want to use the holster.,0,do not buy if you want to use the holster
2697,It doesn't make you look cool.,0,it doesnt make you look cool
2700,"Also, the phone doesn't seem to accept anything except CBR mp3s, preferably ripped by Windows Media Player.",0,also the phone doesnt seem to accept anyth except cbr mp3 prefer rip by window medium player
2704,So just beware.,0,so just bewar
2706,So anyone near you will hear part of your conversation.,0,so anyon near you will hear part of your convers
2708,I bought this phone as a replacement for my StarTac and have regretted it since.,0,i buy thi phone a a replac for my startac and have regret it sinc
2710,Can't store anything but phone numbers to SIM.,0,cant store anyth but phone number to sim
2711,"It lasts less than 3o minutes, if I actually try to use the phone.My wife has the same phone with the same problem.",0,it last less than 3o minut if i actual tri to use the phonemi wife have the same phone with the same problem
2712,Poor quality.,0,poor qualiti
2714,Not worth it.,0,not worth it
2715,The phone crashed completely and now I have to get it replaced.,0,the phone crash complet and now i have to get it replac
2717,"Unfortunately it will not recharge my iPhone 4s, despite connecting it from multiple power sources (iMac, external battery, wall outlet, etc).",0,unfortun it will not recharg my iphon 4 despit connect it from multipl power sourc imac extern batteri wall outlet etc
2719,if you simply want a small flip phone -- look elsewhere as the extra bells & whistles are mediocre.,0,if you simpli want a small flip phone look elsewher a the extra bell whistl be mediocr
2723,Think it over when you plan to own this one!This sure is the last MOTO phone for me!,0,think it over when you plan to own thi onethi sure be the last moto phone for me
2729,After receiving and using the product for just 2 days it broke.,0,after receiv and use the product for just 2 day it break
2731,None of the three sizes they sent with the headset would stay in my ears.,0,none of the three size they send with the headset would stay in my ear
2734,We have tried 2 units and they both failed within 2 months.. Pros,0,we have tri 2 unit and they both fail within 2 month pro
2741,"Couldn't use the unit with sunglasses, not good in Texas!",0,couldnt use the unit with sunglass not good in texa
2742,It dit not work most of the time with my Nokia 5320.,0,it dit not work most of the time with my nokia 5320
2743,"Bought mainly for the charger, which broke soon after purchasing.",0,buy mainli for the charger which break soon after purchas
2744,"If you like a loud buzzing to override all your conversations, then this phone is for you!",0,if you like a loud buzz to overrid all your convers then thi phone be for you
2746,"stay away from this store, be careful.",0,stay away from thi store be care
2748,Does not fit.,0,do not fit
2751,disappointing.,0,disappoint
2754,The camera on the phone may be used as a dustpan when indoors... I'd rather be using a disposable then this.,0,the camera on the phone may be use a a dustpan when indoor id rather be use a dispos then thi
2755,Then a few days later the a puff of smoke came out of the phone while in use.,0,then a few day later the a puff of smoke come out of the phone while in use
2757,The nano stated it.My son was dissapointed.,0,the nano state itmi son be dissapoint
2760,Would not reccommend.,0,would not reccommend
2763,This particular model would not work with my Motorola Q smartphone.,0,thi particular model would not work with my motorola q smartphon
2764,wont work right or atleast for me.,0,wont work right or atleast for me
2765,in addition it feels &amp; looks as if the phone is all lightweight cheap plastic.,0,in addit it feel amp look a if the phone be all lightweight cheap plastic
2766,"But now that it is ""out of warranty"" the same problems reoccure.Bottom line... put your money somewhere else... Cingular will not support it.",0,but now that it be out of warranti the same problem reoccurebottom line put your money somewher els cingular will not support it
2767,"I really wanted the Plantronics 510 to be the right one, but it has too many issues for me.The good",0,i realli want the plantron 510 to be the right one but it have too mani issu for meth good
2770,AFter the first charge kept going dead after 12 minutes.,0,after the first charg keep go dead after 12 minut
2771,"VERY cheap plastic, creaks like an old wooden floor.",0,veri cheap plastic creak like an old wooden floor
2772,"I get absolutely horrible reception in my apartment, where with other phones I have not had this problem.",0,i get absolut horribl recept in my apart where with other phone i have not have thi problem
2779,"After my phone got to be about a year old, it's been slowly breaking despite much care on my part.",0,after my phone get to be about a year old it be slowli break despit much care on my part
2780,I am sorry I made this purchase.,0,i be sorri i make thi purchas
2781,I bought these hoping I could make my Bluetooth headset fit better but these things made it impossible to wear.,0,i buy these hop i could make my bluetooth headset fit well but these thing make it imposs to wear
2782,Treo and T-Mobile refused to replace it again and forced me to buy another phone without any kind of upgrade discount.,0,treo and tmobil refus to replac it again and forc me to buy anoth phone without ani kind of upgrad discount
2783,It was horrible!.,0,it be horribl
2784,I don't think it would hold it too securly on your belt.,0,i dont think it would hold it too securli on your belt
2785,This allows the possibility of double booking for the same date and time after the first.,0,thi allow the possibl of doubl book for the same date and time after the first
2786,They work about 2 weeks then break.,0,they work about 2 week then break
2789,I can't use this case because the smell is disgusting.,0,i cant use thi case becaus the smell be disgust
2790,NOT WHAT I WANTED.,0,not what i want
2794,"The internet access was fine, it the rare instance that it worked.",0,the internet access be fine it the rare instanc that it work
2798,$50 Down the drain.,0,50 down the drain
2799,I tried talking real loud but shouting on the telephone gets old and I was still told it wasn't great.,0,i tri talk real loud but shout on the telephon get old and i be still tell it wasnt great
2803,"If there is a wind, it is completely useless.",0,if there be a wind it be complet useless
2805,Does Not Work.,0,do not work
2806,"At first I thought I was grtting a good deal at $7.44, until I plugged it into my phone (V3c Razr).",0,at first i think i be grtting a good deal at 744 until i plug it into my phone v3c razr
2810,Improper description.... I had to return it.,0,improp descript i have to return it
2814,Battery has no life.,0,batteri have no life
2815,I checked everywhere and there is no feature for it which is really disappointing.,0,i check everywher and there be no featur for it which be realli disappoint
2818,Doesn't do the job.,0,doesnt do the job
2824,Awkward to use and unreliable.,0,awkward to use and unreli
2826,Not as good as I had hoped.,0,not as good a i have hop
2828,Doesn't Work.,0,doesnt work
2830,Unfortunately it did not work.,0,unfortun it do not work
2831,All three broke within two months of use.,0,all three break within two month of use
2832,dont buy it.,0,dont buy it
2833,"My father has the V265, and the battery is dying.",0,my father have the v265 and the batteri be die
2834,"However, the ear pads come off easily and after only one week I lost one.",0,howev the ear pad come off easili and after onli one week i lose one
2835,"The calls drop, the phone comes on and off at will, the screen goes black and the worst of all it stops ringing intermittently.",0,the call drop the phone come on and off at will the screen go black and the bad of all it stop ring intermitt
2836,"Horrible, horrible protector.",0,horribl horribl protector
2837,I don't like this Nokia either.,0,i dont like thi nokia either
2838,"Reaching for the bottom row is uncomfortable, and the send and end keys are not where I expect them to be.3.",0,reach for the bottom row be uncomfort and the send and end key be not where i expect them to be3
2839,I have bought this Nokia cell phone a few weeks ago and it was a nightmare.,0,i have buy thi nokia cell phone a few week ago and it be a nightmar
2840,It would take too long to describe how bad my customer service experience has been with Amazon.,0,it would take too long to describ how bad my custom servic experi have be with amazon
2841,the only VERY DISAPPOINTING thing was there was NO SPEAKERPHONE!!!!,0,the onli veri disappoint thing be there be no speakerphon
2842,Terrible.. My car will not accept this cassette.,0,terribl my car will not accept thi cassett
2843,"Product is useless, since it does not have enough charging current to charge the 2 cellphones I was planning to use it with.",0,product be useless sinc it do not have enough charg current to charg the 2 cellphon i be plan to use it with
2844,It's not what it says it is.,0,it not what it say it be
2845,Stay Away From the Q!.,0,stay away from the q
2846,Used and dirty.,0,use and dirti
2847,Very unreliable service from T-mobile !,0,veri unreli servic from tmobil
2848,Not good enough for the price.,0,not good enough for the price
2849,I bought two of them and neither will charge.,0,i buy two of them and neither will charg
2853,These products cover up the important light sensor above the ear outlet.,0,these product cover up the import light sensor abov the ear outlet
2855,Just does not work.,0,just do not work
2856,Poor Reliability.,0,poor reliabl
2858,"If I take a picture, the battery drops a bar, and starts beeping, letting me know its dieing.",0,if i take a pictur the batteri drop a bar and start beep let me know it die
2859,"Terrible product, and waste of money!",0,terribl product and wast of money
2860,Last time buying from you.,0,last time buy from you
2861,It was a waste of my money.,0,it be a wast of my money
2868,The item received was Counterfeit.,0,the item receiv be counterfeit
2875,This is by far the worst purchase I've made on Amazon.,0,thi be by far the bad purchas ive make on amazon
2878,Does not work for listening to music with the cingular 8125.,0,do not work for listen to music with the cingular 8125
2880,"The bottowm line...another worthless, cheap gimmick from Sprint.",0,the bottowm lineanoth worthless cheap gimmick from sprint
2881,Having trouble with volume.,0,have troubl with volum
2883,WARNING - DO NOT BUY!!.,0,warn do not buy
2885,"When it opens, the battery connection is broken and the device is turned off.",0,when it open the batteri connect be break and the devic be turn off
2886,"I didn't want the clip going over the top of my ear, causing discomfort.",0,i didnt want the clip go over the top of my ear caus discomfort
2888,Don't trust their website and don't expect any helpful support.,0,dont trust their websit and dont expect ani help support
2890,The speaker is of low quality so as making the ring tones sound very cheap.,0,the speaker be of low qualiti so a make the ring tone sound veri cheap
2893,Bad Reception.,0,bad recept
2894,This product is very High quality Chinese CRAP!!!!!!,0,thi product be veri high qualiti chines crap
2897,Don't buy this product - It fails!.,0,dont buy thi product it fail
2898,Everything about this product is wrong.First,0,everyth about thi product be wrongfirst
2900,"This was utterly confusing at first, which caused me to lose a couple of very, very important contacts.",0,thi be utterli confus at first which caus me to lose a coupl of veri veri import contact
2901,Terrible phone holder.,0,terribl phone holder
2904,Problem is that the ear loops are made of weak material and break easily.,0,problem be that the ear loop be make of weak materi and break easili
2905,Not nearly as good looking as the AMAZON picture makes it look.,0,not nearli as good look a the amazon pictur make it look
2907,How stupid is that?,0,how stupid be that
2912,It always cuts out and makes a beep beep beep sound then says signal failed.,0,it alway cut out and make a beep beep beep sound then say signal fail
2913,Couldn't figure it out,0,couldnt figur it out
2914,"My phone sounded OK ( not great - OK), but my wife's phone was almost totally unintelligible, she couldn't understand a word being said on it.",0,my phone sound ok not great ok but my wife phone be almost total unintellig she couldnt understand a word be say on it
2915,So I had to take the battery out of the phone put it all back together and then restart it.,0,so i have to take the batteri out of the phone put it all back togeth and then restart it
2916,"While I managed to bend the leaf spring back in place, the metal now has enough stress that it will break on the next drop.",0,while i manag to bend the leaf spring back in place the metal now have enough stress that it will break on the next drop
2919,"Saggy, floppy piece of junk.",0,saggi floppi piec of junk
2921,It also had a new problem.,0,it also have a new problem
2926,It looses connection to the phone even when it is within a couple feet between the two.,0,it loos connect to the phone even when it be within a coupl foot between the two
2928,Makes it easier to keep up with my bluetooth when I'm not wearing it.,0,make it easi to keep up with my bluetooth when im not wear it
2929,As I said above....PRETTY USELESS!,0,a i say abovepretti useless
2930,Never got it!!!!!,0,never get it
2931,This pair of headphones is the worst that I have ever had sound-wise.,0,thi pair of headphon be the bad that i have ever have soundwis
2932,[...] down the drain because of a weak snap!,0,down the drain becaus of a weak snap
2933,Does not charge the Cingular (ATT) 8525 phone.,0,do not charg the cingular att 8525 phone
2935,"However, after about a year, the fliptop started to get loose and wobbly and eventually my screen went black and I couldn't receive and place calls.",0,howev after about a year the fliptop start to get loos and wobbl and eventu my screen go black and i couldnt receiv and place call
2936,I kept catching the cable on the seat and I had to pull the phone out to turn it on an off.,0,i keep catch the cabl on the seat and i have to pull the phone out to turn it on an off
2942,"The mic there is a joke, and the volume is quite low.",0,the mic there be a joke and the volum be quit low
2943,I'm returning them.,0,im return them
2944,I does not maintain a connection with the computer while it is on my lap.,0,i do not maintain a connect with the comput while it be on my lap
2949,I had to purchase a different case.,0,i have to purchas a differ case
2951,Very much disappointed with this company.,0,veri much disappoint with thi compani
2953,It didn't charge for me.,0,it didnt charg for me
2955,Buttons are too small.,0,button be too small
2959,"However, the keypads are so tinny that I sometimes reach the wrong buttons.",0,howev the keypad be so tinni that i sometim reach the wrong button
2965,I cannot make calls at certain places.,0,i can not make call at certain place
2966,"however, my girl was complain that some time the phone doesn't wake up like normal phone does.",0,howev my girl be complain that some time the phone doesnt wake up like normal phone do
2968,This company charge me a restocking fee and still not given me my refund back.,0,thi compani charg me a restock fee and still not give me my refund back
2969,I'm trying to return it for a refund.,0,im tri to return it for a refund
2970,I plugged it in only to find out not a darn thing worked.,0,i plug it in onli to find out not a darn thing work
2972,Earbud piece breaks easily.,0,earbud piec break easili
2973,Lousy product.,0,lousi product
2974,This phone tries very hard to do everything but fails at it's very ability to be a phone.,0,thi phone tri veri hard to do everyth but fail at it veri abil to be a phone
2979,Not enough volume.,0,not enough volum
2980,Echo Problem....Very unsatisfactory,0,echo problemveri unsatisfactori
2981,you could only take 2 videos at a time and the quality was very poor.,0,you could onli take 2 video at a time and the qualiti be veri poor
2982,don't waste your money.,0,dont wast your money
2983,I am going to have to be the first to negatively review this product.,0,i be go to have to be the first to neg review thi product
2984,Adapter does not provide enough charging current.,0,adapt do not provid enough charg current
2985,"There was so much hype over this phone that I assumed it was the best, my mistake.",0,there be so much hype over thi phone that i assum it be the best my mistak
2986,You also cannot take pictures with it in the case because the lense is covered.,0,you also can not take pictur with it in the case becaus the lens be cover
2987,Phone falls out easily.,0,phone fall out easili
2988,"It didn't work, people can not hear me when I talk.",0,it didnt work peopl can not hear me when i talk
2989,The text messaging feature is really tricky to use.,0,the text messag featur be realli tricki to use
2990,I'm really disappointed all I have now is a charger that doesn't work.,0,im realli disappoint all i have now be a charger that doesnt work
2991,Painful on the ear.,0,pain on the ear
2992,Lasted one day and then blew up.,0,last one day and then blow up
2993,disappointed.,0,disappoint
2994,Kind of flops around.,0,kind of flop around
2995,The screen does get smudged easily because it touches your ear and face.,0,the screen do get smudg easili becaus it touch your ear and face
2996,What a piece of junk.. I lose more calls on this phone.,0,what a piec of junk i lose more call on thi phone
2997,Item Does Not Match Picture.,0,item do not match pictur
2998,The only thing that disappoint me is the infra red port (irda).,0,the onli thing that disappoint me be the infra red port irda
2999,"You can not answer calls with the unit, never worked once!",0,you can not answer call with the unit never work onc
