,text,sentiment,clean_message
4,The best scene in the movie was when Gerardo is trying to find a song that keeps running through his head.  ,1,the best scene in the movi be when gerardo be tri to find a song that keep run through hi head
7,"Saw the movie today and thought it was a good effort, good messages for kids.  ",1,saw the movi today and think it be a good effort good messag for kid
9,Loved the casting of Jimmy Buffet as the science teacher.  ,1,love the cast of jimmi buffet a the scienc teacher
10,And those baby owls were adorable.  ,1,and those babi owl be ador
11,"The movie showed a lot of Florida at it's best, made it look very appealing.  ",1,the movi show a lot of florida at it best make it look veri appeal
12,The Songs Were The Best And The Muppets Were So Hilarious.  ,1,the song be the best and the muppet be so hilari
13,It Was So Cool.  ,1,it be so cool
14,"This is a very ""right on case"" movie that delivers everything almost right in your face.  ",1,thi be a veri right on case movi that deliv everyth almost right in your face
16,"This review is long overdue, since I consider A Tale of Two Sisters to be the single greatest film ever made.  ",1,thi review be long overdu sinc i consid a tale of two sister to be the singl greatest film ever make
17,"I'll put this gem up against any movie in terms of screenplay, cinematography, acting, post-production, editing, directing, or any other aspect of film-making.  ",1,ill put thi gem up against ani movi in term of screenplay cinematographi act postproduct edit direct or ani other aspect of filmmak
18,"It's practically perfect in all of them – a true masterpiece in a sea of faux ""masterpieces.""  ",1,it practic perfect in all of them a true masterpiec in a sea of faux masterpiec
19,The structure of this film is easily the most tightly constructed in the history of cinema.  ,1,the structur of thi film be easili the most tightli construct in the histori of cinema
20,I can think of no other film where something vitally important occurs every other minute.  ,1,i can think of no other film where someth vital import occur everi other minut
21,"In other words, the content level of this film is enough to easily fill a dozen other films.  ",1,in other word the content level of thi film be enough to easili fill a dozen other film
22,How can anyone in their right mind ask for anything more from a movie than this?  ,1,how can anyon in their right mind ask for anyth more from a movi than thi
23,"It's quite simply the highest, most superlative form of cinema imaginable.  ",1,it quit simpli the high most superl form of cinema imagin
24,"Yes, this film does require a rather significant amount of puzzle-solving, but the pieces fit together to create a beautiful picture.  ",1,ye thi film do requir a rather signific amount of puzzlesolv but the piec fit togeth to creat a beauti pictur
27,This is the number one best TH game in the series.  ,1,thi be the number one best th game in the seri
28,It deserves strong love.  ,1,it deserv strong love
29,It is an insane game.  ,1,it be an insan game
30,"There are massive levels, massive unlockable characters... it's just a massive game.  ",1,there be massiv level massiv unlock charact it just a massiv game
31,Waste your money on this game.  ,1,wast your money on thi game
32,This is the kind of money that is wasted properly.  ,1,thi be the kind of money that be wast properli
33,"Actually, the graphics were good at the time.  ",1,actual the graphic be good at the time
35,"As they say in Canada, This is the fun game, aye.  ",1,a they say in canada thi be the fun game aye
36,This game rocks.  ,1,thi game rock
37,"Buy it, play it, enjoy it, love it.  ",1,buy it play it enjoy it love it
38,It's PURE BRILLIANCE.  ,1,it pure brillianc
49,"The film succeeds despite, or perhaps because of, an obviously meagre budget.  ",1,the film succeed despit or perhap becaus of an obvious meagr budget
50,"I'm glad the film didn't go for the most obvious choice, as a lesser film certainly would have.  ",1,im glad the film didnt go for the most obviou choic a a less film certainli would have
51,"In addition to having one of the most lovely songs ever written, French Cancan also boasts one of the cutest leading ladies ever to grace the screen.  ",1,in addit to have one of the most love song ever write french cancan also boast one of the cut lead ladi ever to grace the screen
52,It's hard not to fall head-over-heels in love with that girl.  ,1,it hard not to fall headoverheel in love with that girl
56,"Excellent cast, story line, performances.  ",1,excel cast stori line perform
57,Totally believable.  ,1,total believ
58,Anne Heche was utterly convincing.  ,1,ann hech be utterli convinc
59,Sam Shepard's portrayal of a gung ho Marine was sobering.  ,1,sam shepard portray of a gung ho marin be sober
60,I sat riveted to the TV screen.  ,1,i sit rivet to the tv screen
61,All in all I give this one a resounding 9 out of 10.  ,1,all in all i give thi one a resound 9 out of 10
62,I do think Tom Hanks is a good actor.  ,1,i do think tom hank be a good actor
63,I enjoyed reading this book to my children when they were little.  ,1,i enjoy read thi book to my child when they be littl
73,There are some generally great things in it.  ,1,there be some gener great thing in it
75,"The suspense builders were good, & just cross the line from G to PG.  ",1,the suspens builder be good just cross the line from g to pg
76,"I especially liked the non-cliche choices with the parents; in other movies, I could predict the dialog verbatim, but the writing in this movie made better selections.  ",1,i especi like the nonclich choic with the parent in other movi i could predict the dialog verbatim but the write in thi movi make good select
77,"If you want a movie that's not gross but gives you some chills, this is a great choice.  ",1,if you want a movi that not gross but give you some chill thi be a great choic
78,Alexander Nevsky is a great film.  ,1,alexand nevski be a great film
79,"He is an amazing film artist, one of the most important whoever lived.  ",1,he be an amaz film artist one of the most import whoever live
81,This if the first movie I've given a 10 to in years.  ,1,thi if the first movi ive give a 10 to in year
82,"If there was ever a movie that needed word-of-mouth to promote, this is it.  ",1,if there be ever a movi that need wordofmouth to promot thi be it
83,"Overall, the film is interesting and thought-provoking.  ",1,overal the film be interest and thoughtprovok
84,"Plus, it was well-paced and suited its relatively short run time.  ",1,plu it be wellpac and suit it rel short run time
85,Give this one a look.  ,1,give thi one a look
86,I gave it a 10  ,1,i give it a 10
87,The Wind and the Lion is well written and superbly acted.  ,1,the wind and the lion be well write and superbl act
88,It is a true classic.  ,1,it be a true classic
89,It actually turned out to be pretty decent as far as B-list horror/suspense films go.  ,1,it actual turn out to be pretti decent as far a blist horrorsuspens film go
90,Definitely worth checking out.  ,1,definit worth check out
95,MANNA FROM HEAVEN is a terrific film that is both predictable and unpredictable at the same time.  ,1,manna from heaven be a terrif film that be both predict and unpredict at the same time
96,The scenes are often funny and occasionally touching as the characters evaluate their lives and where they are going.  ,1,the scene be often funni and occasion touch a the charact evalu their life and where they be go
97,The cast of veteran actors are more than just a nostalgia trip.  ,1,the cast of veteran actor be more than just a nostalgia trip
98,Ursula Burton's portrayal of the nun is both touching and funny at the same time with out making fun of nuns or the church.  ,1,ursula burton portray of the nun be both touch and funni at the same time with out make fun of nun or the church
99,"If you are looking for a movie with a terrific cast, some good music(including a Shirley Jones rendition of ""The Way You Look Tonight""), and an uplifting ending, give this one a try.  ",1,if you be look for a movi with a terrif cast some good musicinclud a shirley jone rendit of the way you look tonight and an uplift end give thi one a tri
100,I don't think you will be disappointed.  ,1,i dont think you will be disappoint
106,"The only thing really worth watching was the scenery and the house, because it is beautiful.  ",1,the onli thing realli worth watch be the sceneri and the hous becaus it be beauti
109,But in terms of the writing it's very fresh and bold.  ,1,but in term of the write it veri fresh and bold
110,"The acting helps the writing along very well (maybe the idiot-savant sister could have been played better), and it is a real joy to watch.  ",1,the act help the write along veri well mayb the idiotsav sister could have be play well and it be a real joy to watch
118,"Some applause should be given to the ""prelude"" however.  ",1,some applaus should be give to the prelud howev
119,I really liked that.  ,1,i realli like that
120,A great film by a great director.  ,1,a great film by a great director
121,The movie had you on the edge of your seat and made you somewhat afraid to go to your car at the end of the night.  ,1,the movi have you on the edg of your seat and make you somewhat afraid to go to your car at the end of the night
122,The music in the film is really nice too.  ,1,the music in the film be realli nice too
123,I'd advise anyone to go and see it.  ,1,id advis anyon to go and see it
124,Brilliant!  ,1,brilliant
125,10/10  ,1,1010
126,I liked this movie way too much.  ,1,i like thi movi way too much
128,It rocked my world and is certainly a must see for anyone with no social or physical outlets.  ,1,it rock my world and be certainli a must see for anyon with no social or physic outlet
144,This is definitely a cult classic well worth viewing and sharing with others.  ,1,thi be definit a cult classic well worth view and share with other
151,"Also, it's a real treat to see Anthony Quinn playing Crazy Horse.  ",1,also it a real treat to see anthoni quinn play crazi hors
168,"Still, I do like this movie for it's empowerment of women; there's not enough movies out there like this one.  ",1,still i do like thi movi for it empower of woman there not enough movi out there like thi one
189,An excellent performance from Ms.  ,1,an excel perform from m
190,"Garbo, who showed right off the bat that her talents could carry over from the silent era (I wanted to see some of her silent work, but Netflix doesn't seem to be stocking them.  ",1,garbo who show right off the bat that her talent could carri over from the silent era i want to see some of her silent work but netflix doesnt seem to be stock them
191,It's also great to see that renowned silent screenwriter Frances Marion hasn't missed a step going from silent to sound.  ,1,it also great to see that renown silent screenwrit franc marion hasnt miss a step go from silent to sound
196,You'll love it!  ,1,youll love it
201,The movie I received was a great quality film for it's age.  ,1,the movi i receiv be a great qualiti film for it age
202,John Wayne did an incredible job for being so young in the movie industry.  ,1,john wayn do an incred job for be so young in the movi industri
203,His on screen presence shined thought even though there were other senior actors on the screen with him.  ,1,hi on screen presenc shin think even though there be other senior actor on the screen with him
204,I think that it is a must see older John Wayne film.  ,1,i think that it be a must see old john wayn film
209,Jamie Foxx absolutely IS Ray Charles.  ,1,jami foxx absolut be ray charl
210,His performance is simply genius.  ,1,hi perform be simpli geniu
211,"He owns the film, just as Spacek owned ""Coal Miner's Daughter"" and Quaid owned ""Great Balls of Fire.  ",1,he own the film just a spacek own coal miner daughter and quaid own great ball of fire
212,"In fact, it's hard to remember that the part of Ray Charles is being acted, and not played by the man himself.  ",1,in fact it hard to rememb that the part of ray charl be be act and not play by the man himself
213,Ray Charles is legendary.  ,1,ray charl be legendari
214,"Ray Charles' life provided excellent biographical material for the film, which goes well beyond being just another movie about a musician.  ",1,ray charl life provid excel biograph materi for the film which go well beyond be just anoth movi about a musician
215,Hitchcock is a great director.  ,1,hitchcock be a great director
217,"Secondly, Hitchcock pretty much perfected the thriller and chase movie.  ",1,secondli hitchcock pretti much perfect the thriller and chase movi
228,"When I first watched this movie, in the 80s, I loved it.  ",1,when i first watch thi movi in the 80 i love it
229,"I was totally fascinated by the music, the dancing... everything.  ",1,i be total fascin by the music the danc everyth
242,"If good intentions made a film great, then this film might be one of the greatest films ever made.  ",1,if good intent make a film great then thi film might be one of the great film ever make
243,"The film has great actors, a master director, a significant theme--at least a would-be significant theme, undertone of fifties existential world-weariness, aerial scenes that ought to have thrilled both senses and imagination, and characters about which one might deeply care.  ",1,the film have great actor a master director a signific themeat least a wouldb signific theme underton of fifti existenti worldweari aerial scene that ought to have thrill both sen and imagin and charact about which one might deepli care
247,"Yet, I enjoy watching it.  ",1,yet i enjoy watch it
255,That was nice.  ,1,that be nice
256,That was funny.  ,1,that be funni
257,It was so funny.  ,1,it be so funni
261,"***SPOILERS*** Whatever else can (or can't) be said about it, SURFACE is superbly crafted.  ",1,spoiler whatev els can or cant be say about it surfac be superbl craft
262,The cinematography is simply stunning (to say the least) and the fx are nothing if not state-of-the-art.  ,1,the cinematographi be simpli stun to say the least and the fx be noth if not stateoftheart
263,"Conceptually, the show offers a little bit of everything- and for just about everybody (parents, kids, fantasy and/or fx fans).  ",1,conceptu the show offer a littl bit of everyth and for just about everybodi parent kid fantasi andor fx fan
264,"And there wasn't a single sour note struck acting-wise, either; some surprisingly solid casting, here.  ",1,and there wasnt a singl sour note strike actingwis either some surprisingli solid cast here
265,"All things considered, a job very well done.  ",1,all thing consid a job veri well do
266,Thanks good a movie like this was done and released.  ,1,thank good a movi like thi be do and releas
267,"One of the best mexican movies ever!, and one of the less understood, even by mexican themselves, no matter how identified the should have felt with it.  ",1,one of the best mexican movi ever and one of the less understood even by mexican themselv no matter how identifi the should have felt with it
268,"It ranks highly as a great noir-crime-drama, incredible performances by Belmondo and Lino Ventura.  ",1,it rank highli a a great noircrimedrama incred perform by belmondo and lino ventura
269,"The attention given to every character, and complex psychological portrayals, detailing loyalty, treachery, love, and hope, are tremendous.  ",1,the attent give to everi charact and complex psycholog portray detail loyalti treacheri love and hope be tremend
270,"It is an excellent drama, an excellent thriller, and an excellent film.  ",1,it be an excel drama an excel thriller and an excel film
271,Up there with the best of Melville.  ,1,up there with the best of melvil
272,Everything about this film is simply incredible.  ,1,everyth about thi film be simpli incred
273,You truly take this journey through the eyes and soul of a child.  ,1,you truli take thi journey through the eye and soul of a child
274,BLACK WATER is a thriller that manages to completely transcend it's limitations (it's an indie flick) by continually subverting expectations to emerge as an intense experience.  ,1,black water be a thriller that manag to complet transcend it limit it an indi flick by continu subvert expect to emerg a an intens experi
275,"The performances are real and gripping, the crocdodile is extremely well done, indeed if the Black Water website is to be believed that's because they used real crocs and the swamp location is fabulous.  ",1,the perform be real and grip the crocdodil be extrem well do inde if the black water websit be to be believ that becaus they use real croc and the swamp locat be fabul
276,I thoroughly enjoyed it when Christopher Eccleston took control of the TARDIS and the continuation of the series.  ,1,i thoroughli enjoy it when christoph eccleston take control of the tardi and the continu of the seri
279,There is a lot of beautiful places.  ,1,there be a lot of beauti place
292,An AMAZING finale to possibly the BEST trilogy of all time!  ,1,an amaz final to possibl the best trilog of all time
293,Kieslowski never ceases to amaze me.  ,1,kieslowski never ceas to amaz me
294,"He is one of my favourite directors, and one of the most talented directors in the history of cinema.  ",1,he be one of my favourit director and one of the most talent director in the histori of cinema
295,"His use of the colours of the French flag in the three films was nothing short of incredible, every shot, every scene was like a work of art.  ",1,hi use of the colour of the french flag in the three film be noth short of incred everi shot everi scene be like a work of art
296,Three of the most visually appealing movies i've ever seen.  ,1,three of the most visual appeal movi ive ever see
297,And his subtle connections between the three films are awesome.  ,1,and hi subtl connect between the three film be awesom
298,"I have to mention this and it is a huge SPOILER, i loved the ending, how all the characters of the three films were the remaining survivors of the ferry disaster, with Valentine and the young judge together, and the old man watching it on her TV, solidifying his happiness over the suffering which he dealt with for those many years.  ",1,i have to mention thi and it be a huge spoiler i love the end how all the charact of the three film be the remain survivor of the ferri disast with valentin and the young judg togeth and the old man watch it on her tv solidifi hi happi over the suffer which he deal with for those mani year
299,"I couldn't think of a better way to end the film, but a smile on my face, great way to wrap up an amazing film and trilogy!  ",1,i couldnt think of a good way to end the film but a smile on my face great way to wrap up an amaz film and trilog
300,"I recommend this for EVERYONE who loves film, movies, anything...A Work of Art!  ",1,i recommend thi for everyon who love film movi anythinga work of art
301,10 out of 10 for both the movie and trilogy.  ,1,10 out of 10 for both the movi and trilog
303,I think i was one of the people who found this another one of roth's pearls.  ,1,i think i be one of the peopl who find thi anoth one of roth pearl
304,"his performance, as awarded, was stunning.  ",1,hi perform a award be stun
305,"the story which was told so eloquently by Francis ford Coppola 25 years earlier, really unfolds gradually and leaves room for the characters to develop.  ",1,the stori which be tell so eloqu by franci ford coppola 25 year earlier realli unfold gradual and leav room for the charact to develop
306,In a most wonderful location lies a story of contrast.  ,1,in a most wonder locat lie a stori of contrast
307,All in all a beautiful directed film from Nicola's roeg wih a sublime cast.  ,1,all in all a beauti direct film from nicola roeg wih a sublim cast
312,This is such a fun and funny movie.  ,1,thi be such a fun and funni movi
313,Highly entertaining at all angles.  ,1,highli entertain at all angl
314,"It features an outlandish array of memorable, psychotic but lovable nuts.  ",1,it featur an outlandish array of memor psychot but lovabl nut
315,"So for our enjoyment we get to see them run around, play games, and be dangerous.  ",1,so for our enjoy we get to see them run around play game and be danger
316,It even has its sweet moments.  ,1,it even have it sweet moment
317,The telephone repair man was really funny and his reactions to the nuts and bitchy boss were truly genuine.  ,1,the telephon repair man be realli funni and hi reaction to the nut and bitchi bo be truli genuin
318,All the characters in this film are tremendously well played.  ,1,all the charact in thi film be tremend well play
319,And I really did find them funny.  ,1,and i realli do find them funni
320,This is actually a very smart movie.  ,1,thi be actual a veri smart movi
321,There is a brilliant twist ending.  ,1,there be a brilliant twist end
322,I love it.  ,1,i love it
323,"The ending is so, SO perfect... you'll shed a tear.  ",1,the end be so so perfect youll shed a tear
324,I am so thrilled after seeing a movie like this.  ,1,i be so thrill after see a movi like thi
325,I will never forget it now.  ,1,i will never forget it now
326,It is not just a cult... it is a cult CLASSIC.  ,1,it be not just a cult it be a cult classic
341,It is a really good show to watch.  ,1,it be a realli good show to watch
342,It is very educational for children 1 to 8 years old.  ,1,it be veri educ for child 1 to 8 year old
343,Barney is definitely super DE duper.  ,1,barney be definit super de duper
344,is pretty funny.  ,1,be pretti funni
345,Babie Bop is very cute.  ,1,babi bop be veri cute
346,The kids are very cool too.  ,1,the kid be veri cool too
353,I would give this television series a 10 plus if i could.  ,1,i would give thi televis seri a 10 plu if i could
354,"The writers were ""smack on"" and I think the best actors and actresses were a bonus to the show.These characters were so real.  ",1,the writer be smack on and i think the best actor and actress be a bonu to the showthes charact be so real
355,I must say I have taped most of the episodes and i find myself watching them over and over again.  ,1,i must say i have tap most of the episod and i find myself watch them over and over again
356,Now you know why I gave it a 10+!  ,1,now you know whi i give it a 10
357,"I don't know exactly what it is about this movie, but we latched on to this endearing movie and it has become a special part of our family's memories.  ",1,i dont know exactli what it be about thi movi but we latch on to thi endear movi and it have becom a special part of our famili memori
358,I totally and absolutely recommend this movie to anyone who likes good wholesome family movies because that is exactly what this is.  ,1,i total and absolut recommend thi movi to anyon who like good wholesom famili movi becaus that be exactli what thi be
359,The things that the four kids get themselves into is absolutely hilarious to watch.  ,1,the thing that the four kid get themselv into be absolut hilari to watch
360,This is one of the best movies out there that shows such strong sibling bond for each other.  ,1,thi be one of the best movi out there that show such strong sibl bond for each other
361,"Much more interesting, more action, more suspense, and less of the unneeded controversy.  ",1,much more interest more action more suspens and less of the unneed controversi
362,Everything from acting to cinematography was solid.  ,1,everyth from act to cinematographi be solid
363,Definitely worth checking out.  ,1,definit worth check out
364,Damian is so talented and versatile in so many ways of writing and portraying different Characters on screen.  ,1,damian be so talent and versatil in so mani way of write and portray differ charact on screen
365,This movie has a cutting edge to it.  ,1,thi movi have a cut edg to it
366,"I am so pleased to know such a modern day genius is out there , letting is passion for Art drive him and taking us as an audience with him.  ",1,i be so pleas to know such a modern day geniu be out there let be passion for art drive him and take u a an audienc with him
375,"Elias Koteas,Jack Palance play good roles Angelina is hot and gets naked.Billy Drago appears in this and is cool as usual + a cameo by Sven ole Thorsen helps make this a very enjoyable movie with good acting and a decent budget.  ",1,elia koteasjack palanc play good role angelina be hot and get nakedbilli drago appear in thi and be cool a usual a cameo by sven ole thorsen help make thi a veri enjoy movi with good act and a decent budget
376,This was such an awesome movie that i bought it off of Ebay.  ,1,thi be such an awesom movi that i buy it off of ebay
377,"I really loved the story line and the poler bear was kinda cute.But if anyone has a question about Fort Steele, just ask away:)  ",1,i realli love the stori line and the poler bear be kinda cutebut if anyon have a question about fort steel just ask away
382,"I think the most wonderful parts (literally, full of ""wonder"") are the excerpts from his works.  ",1,i think the most wonder part liter full of wonder be the excerpt from hi work
383,"The sets (especially designed to work with the camera) are amazing....stylized, beautiful and effective.  ",1,the set especi design to work with the camera be amazingstyl beauti and effect
384,They could be used as exemplars for any set designer.  ,1,they could be use a exemplar for ani set design
385,The stories were powerful explorations of the nature of man and of art.  ,1,the stori be power explor of the natur of man and of art
386,"After watching this film, I wanted to learn more about the works of this artist.  ",1,after watch thi film i want to learn more about the work of thi artist
387,"I highly recommend this movie for anyone interested in art, poetry, theater, politics, or Japanese history.  ",1,i highli recommend thi movi for anyon interest in art poetri theater polit or japanes histori
388,"Here, in The Wind and the Lion, we see a wonderful rendering of America's own Imperial age.  ",1,here in the wind and the lion we see a wonder render of america own imperi age
389,") What makes this story different are the terrific production values - faultless photography, composition and editing - the terrific casting - the underappreciated Brian Keith playing a bully Teddy - and vivid history.  ",1,what make thi stori differ be the terrif product valu faultless photographi composit and edit the terrif cast the underappreci brian keith play a bulli teddi and vivid histori
390,"Though The Wind and the Lion is told largely through the eyes of the son, every member of the family can identify with one of the characters, whether it be Sean Connery's noble brigand, Candace Bergen's feisty heroine, John Huston's wily John Hay or Steve Kanaly's spiffy, radiant, ruthless can-do lieutenant, Roosevelt's ""Big Stick"".  ",1,though the wind and the lion be tell larg through the eye of the son everi member of the famili can identifi with one of the charact whether it be sean conneri nobl brigand candac bergen feisti heroin john huston wili john hay or steve kanali spiffi radiant ruthless cando lieuten roosevelt big stick
391,This is high adventure at its best.  ,1,thi be high adventur at it best
392,"I think it was Robert Ryans best film, because he portrayed someone like my father, and he was a schizophrenic in real life,(my father) although he never murdered anyone but was affected more so during the second world war which made him worse.  ",1,i think it be robert ryan best film becaus he portray someon like my father and he be a schizophren in real lifemi father although he never murder anyon but be affect more so dure the second world war which make him wors
393,Having to humour him just to get by and get through the day was so apt.  ,1,have to humour him just to get by and get through the day be so apt
394,"(My mother and brother had to do this)When I saw Robert Ryan portraying this type of man, it was a very good imitation of this type of individual, and I was impressed.  ",1,my mother and brother have to do thiswhen i saw robert ryan portray thi type of man it be a veri good imit of thi type of individu and i be impress
398,Non-linear narration thus many flashbacks and every part are articulated quite well.  ,1,nonlinear narrat thu mani flashback and everi part be articul quit well
399,The good cinematography also makes her and Monica Bellucci look very beautiful.  ,1,the good cinematographi also make her and monica bellucci look veri beauti
400,A good commentary of today's love and undoubtedly a film worth seeing.  ,1,a good commentari of today love and undoubtedli a film worth see
401,"For people who are first timers in film making, I think they did an excellent job!!  ",1,for peopl who be first timer in film make i think they do an excel job
402,"It was very popular when I was in the cinema, a good house and very good reactions and plenty of laughs.  ",1,it be veri popular when i be in the cinema a good hous and veri good reaction and plenti of laugh
403,It's a feel-good film and that's how I felt when I came out of the cinema!  ,1,it a feelgood film and that how i felt when i come out of the cinema
404,It has northern humour and positive about the community it represents.  ,1,it have northern humour and posit about the commun it repres
405,I rather enjoyed it.  ,1,i rather enjoy it
406,I liked it.  ,1,i like it
408,It really created a unique feeling though.  ,1,it realli creat a uniqu feel though
409,Vivian Schilling did an excellent job with the script.  ,1,vivian schill do an excel job with the script
410,A world better than 95% of the garbage in the theatres today.  ,1,a world good than 95 of the garbag in the theatr today
411,Her role was played well.  ,1,her role be play well
412,Not too screamy not to masculine but just right.  ,1,not too screami not to masculin but just right
413,The camera really likes her in this movie.  ,1,the camera realli like her in thi movi
414,I would have casted her in that role after ready the script.  ,1,i would have cast her in that role after readi the script
415,"As a European, the movie is a nice throwback to my time as a student in the 1980's and the experiences I had living abroad and interacting with other nationalities, although the circumstances were slightly different.  ",1,a a european the movi be a nice throwback to my time a a student in the 1980 and the experi i have live abroad and interact with other nation although the circumst be slightli differ
421,"This movie is excellent!Angel is beautiful and Scamp is adorable!His little yelps when hes scared,and the funniest parts are when:Scamp is caught under the curtain and when Angel and Scamp are singing 'Ive Never Had This Feeling Before'.I totally recommend this movie,its coming out on special edition on June 20.The cover has scamp on a garbage can and Angel underneath the lid.  ",1,thi movi be excellentangel be beauti and scamp be adorablehi littl yelp when he scaredand the funni part be whenscamp be catch under the curtain and when angel and scamp be sing ive never have thi feel beforei total recommend thi movieit come out on special edit on june 20the cover have scamp on a garbag can and angel underneath the lid
422,"I just cant explain this movie more than romantic,charming,hilarious,and adorable.The junkyard scenes are funny,all the junkyard dogs have something special.Too funny i laughed,kids will LOVE it.Buy it when it comes out,it has new features!  ",1,i just cant explain thi movi more than romanticcharminghilariousand adorableth junkyard scene be funnyal the junkyard dog have someth specialtoo funni i laughedkid will love itbuy it when it come outit have new featur
435,"An interesting premise, and Billy Drago is always good as a dangerous nut-bag (side note: I'd love to see Drago, Stephen McHattie and Lance Hendrikson in a flick together; talk about raging cheekbones!).  ",1,an interest premis and billi drago be alway good a a danger nutbag side note id love to see drago stephen mchatti and lanc hendrikson in a flick togeth talk about rag cheekbon
436,"The soundtrack wasn't terrible, either.  ",1,the soundtrack wasnt terribl either
438,"Still, it was the SETS that got a big ""10"" on my ""oy-vey"" scale.  ",1,still it be the set that get a big 10 on my oyvey scale
440,Both do good jobs and are quite amusing.  ,1,both do good job and be quit amus
443,The last 15 minutes of movie are also not bad as well.  ,1,the last 15 minut of movi be also not bad a well
446,"I like Armand Assante & my cable company's summary sounded interesting, so I watched it, twice already, and probably will again.  ",1,i like armand assant my cabl compani summari sound interest so i watch it twice alreadi and probabl will again
447,I believe the screenwriter did a good job of tying up the loose ends.  ,1,i believ the screenwrit do a good job of tie up the loos end
448,My 8/10 score is mostly for the plot.  ,1,my 810 score be mostli for the plot
449,"I won't say any more - I don't like spoilers, so I don't want to be one, but I believe this film is worth your time.  ",1,i wont say ani more i dont like spoiler so i dont want to be one but i believ thi film be worth your time
467,I was deeply impressed with the character he played.  ,1,i be deepli impress with the charact he play
468,I knew when I saw the film that more great things were to come from this gifted actor.  ,1,i know when i saw the film that more great thing be to come from thi gift actor
482,"I loved this movie it was a great portrayal of a family who had it's share of ups and down, but in the end they knew that special love they had for each other.  ",1,i love thi movi it be a great portray of a famili who have it share of up and down but in the end they know that special love they have for each other
483,"I have seen many movies starring Jaclyn Smith, but my god this was one of her best, though it came out 12 years ago.  ",1,i have see mani movi star jaclyn smith but my god thi be one of her best though it come out 12 year ago
484,"This movie contained an all-star cast, and what I loved the most was that it opened my eyes to see other actors who I haven't seen before.  ",1,thi movi contain an allstar cast and what i love the most be that it open my eye to see other actor who i havent see befor
485,"This movie was kind of long in length, but I enjoyed every minute of it.  ",1,thi movi be kind of long in length but i enjoy everi minut of it
486,Overall I rate this movie a 10 out of a 1-10 scale.  ,1,overal i rate thi movi a 10 out of a 110 scale
487,"Lifetime does not air it enough, so if anyone knows what store sells it let me know because this is a must-have.  ",1,lifetim do not air it enough so if anyon know what store sell it let me know becaus thi be a musthav
490,"Totally different, with loads of understatement and black comedy, this is a film few get to see, but those who do will remember it.  ",1,total differ with load of understat and black comedi thi be a film few get to see but those who do will rememb it
491,"This movie creates its own universe, and is fascinating in every way.  ",1,thi movi creat it own univers and be fascin in everi way
492,But this movie really got to me.  ,1,but thi movi realli get to me
493,See it.  ,1,see it
494,"I really hope the team behind this movie makes more movies, and that they will continue to do so in their own, some kinda weird style.  ",1,i realli hope the team behind thi movi make more movi and that they will continu to do so in their own some kinda weird style
495,"And I forgot: The Casting here i superb, with Trond Fausa Aurvåg being perfect in the role as the Bothersome Man, who doesn't understand where he is, what he is doing and why.  ",1,and i forget the cast here i superb with trond fausa aurvåg be perfect in the role a the bothersom man who doesnt understand where he be what he be do and whi
496,This movie is a good and humorous comment on life in 2006.  ,1,thi movi be a good and humor comment on life in 2006
497,"I found this move beautiful, enjoyable, and uplifting.  ",1,i find thi move beauti enjoy and uplift
498,"Initially the local sites in the film, which was filmed here in Buffalo, intrigued me.  ",1,initi the local site in the film which be film here in buffalo intrigu me
499,Later I found myself lost in the power of the film.  ,1,later i find myself lose in the power of the film
500,The entire audience applauded at the conclusion of the film.  ,1,the entir audienc applaud at the conclus of the film
501,"I left the theater with a lilt in my step, joy in my heart and hope for the human race.  ",1,i leav the theater with a lilt in my step joy in my heart and hope for the human race
502,Duris has a wholesome appearance and gives a fine performance.  ,1,duri have a wholesom appear and give a fine perform
503,The rest of the cast also play well.  ,1,the rest of the cast also play well
504,Cinematography noteworthy including fine views of Barcelona and its famed Gaudi towers.  ,1,cinematographi noteworthi includ fine view of barcelona and it fame gaudi tower
511,The cast is good.  ,1,the cast be good
512,"For that, it's worth checking out.  ",1,for that it worth check out
531,the cast was great.  ,1,the cast be great
532,"steve martin delivers a really funny performance of a middle-aged, upper class, uptight white guy.  ",1,steve martin deliv a realli funni perform of a middleag upper class uptight white guy
533,add betty white and jean smart and you have a great cast - everyone played their parts really well.  ,1,add betti white and jean smart and you have a great cast everyon play their part realli well
540,STEAMBOAT WILLIE is an amazingly important film to our cinema history.  ,1,steamboat willi be an amazingli import film to our cinema histori
541,This second appearance of Mickey Mouse (following the silent PLANE CRAZY earlier that year) is probably his most famous film--mostly because it was so ground-breaking.  ,1,thi second appear of mickey mous follow the silent plane crazi earlier that year be probabl hi most famou filmmostli becaus it be so groundbreak
542,"While you don't yet hear Mickey speak, there are tons of sound effects and music throughout the film--something we take for granted now but which was a huge crowd pleaser in 1928.  ",1,while you dont yet hear mickey speak there be ton of sound effect and music throughout the filmsometh we take for grant now but which be a huge crowd pleaser in 1928
543,"However, after seeing the short again after about 25 years, I was amazed at how timeless the film actually is.  ",1,howev after see the short again after about 25 year i be amaz at how timeless the film actual be
544,"It's just adorable seeing Mickey playing ""Turkey in the Straw"" in a highly imaginative (if occasionally cruel) way.  ",1,it just ador see mickey play turkey in the straw in a highli imagin if occasion cruel way
545,Clever and a real crowd-pleaser--this film still ranks among Mickey's best films even after 80 wonderful years.  ,1,clever and a real crowdpleaserthi film still rank among mickey best film even after 80 wonder year
548,The original Body and Soul (1947) is a masterpiece.  ,1,the origin bodi and soul 1947 be a masterpiec
549,"John Garfield, Ann revere, Lilli Plmer, William Conrad, Canada Lee...and filmed by one of the greatest cinematographers to ever grace the screen..James Wong Howe.  ",1,john garfield ann rever lilli plmer william conrad canada leeand film by one of the great cinematograph to ever grace the screenjam wong howe
569,"Okay, I like to consider myself a fair critic, so I'll give credit where credit's due--the creature effects were actually pretty cool.  ",1,okay i like to consid myself a fair critic so ill give credit where credit dueth creatur effect be actual pretti cool
570,"Gotta love those close-ups of slimy, drooling teeth!  ",1,get ta love those closeup of slimi drool teeth
577,The film's sole bright spot was Jonah Hill (who will look almost unrecognizable to fans of the recent Superbad due to the amount of weight he lost in the interim).  ,1,the film sole bright spot be jonah hill who will look almost unrecogniz to fan of the recent superbad due to the amount of weight he lose in the interim
592,"Being a 90's child, I truly enjoyed this show and I can proudly say that I enjoyed it big time and even more than the classical WB cartoons.  ",1,be a 90 child i truli enjoy thi show and i can proudli say that i enjoy it big time and even more than the classic wb cartoon
593,"But ""Tiny Toons"" kept the 90's vibe and delivered one of the most popular, funny, and underrated cartoons ever created.  ",1,but tini toon keep the 90 vibe and deliv one of the most popular funni and underr cartoon ever creat
594,The memories are murky but I can only say that I enjoyed every single episode and product related to the show.  ,1,the memori be murki but i can onli say that i enjoy everi singl episod and product relat to the show
595,"Easily, none other cartoon made me laugh in a tender way (before getting into dark sitcoms oriented for teenagers).  ",1,easili none other cartoon make me laugh in a tender way befor get into dark sitcom orient for teenag
596,The characters were all funny and had the peculiarity of not having a true lead character.  ,1,the charact be all funni and have the peculiar of not have a true lead charact
597,Every single character was hilarious and deserved to be called a lead.  ,1,everi singl charact be hilari and deserv to be call a lead
600,Perabo has a nice energy level and is obviously very comfortable in front of a camera.  ,1,perabo have a nice energi level and be obvious veri comfort in front of a camera
611,I believe that Pitch Black was done well.  ,1,i believ that pitch black be do well
612,"The characters are interesting and you want to find out more about them the longer the movie goes on, and I think people will be surprised by who does and doesn't make it.  ",1,the charact be interest and you want to find out more about them the longer the movi go on and i think peopl will be surpris by who do and doesnt make it
613,Go watch it!  ,1,go watch it
615,VERY funny!  ,1,veri funni
617,The characters are interesting and you really care for them.  ,1,the charact be interest and you realli care for them
618,"An instant classic, with a great soundtrack and a catchy song during the ending credits.  ",1,an instant classic with a great soundtrack and a catchi song dure the end credit
619,Don't miss it.  ,1,dont miss it
620,"This is a masterful piece of film-making, with many themes simmering and occasionally boiling over in this warts and all study of the poet's bohemian, self-indulgent wartime years that span the aerial bombardments of London and the outward tranquillity of a Welsh coastal retreat - the borderlines between friendship, lust and love, dedication to art and experience versus practical concerns, jealousy, rivalry, cowardice and egotism versus heroism and self-sacrifice and more.  ",1,thi be a master piec of filmmak with mani theme simmer and occasion boil over in thi wart and all studi of the poet bohemian selfindulg wartim year that span the aerial bombard of london and the outward tranquil of a welsh coastal retreat the borderlin between friendship lust and love dedic to art and experi versu practic concern jealousi rivalri cowardic and egot versu heroism and selfsacrific and more
621,"A mature, subtle script that suggests and occasionally brings into dramatic focus the underlying tensions is well served by perfect performances (apart from the odd inappropriate smiling that Keira Knightley is prone to, though perhaps under direction this time as the other characters themselves often mention it).  ",1,a matur subtl script that suggest and occasion bring into dramat focu the underli tension be well serv by perfect perform apart from the odd inappropri smile that keira knightley be prone to though perhap under direct thi time a the other charact themselv often mention it
622,"But above all the exquisite visual composition of each moment, with inventive and elegant use of close-up, camera angle and lighting, including pointillistic faux home movie footage, is a wonder and joy to behold.  ",1,but abov all the exquisit visual composit of each moment with invent and eleg use of closeup camera angl and light includ pointillist faux home movi footag be a wonder and joy to behold
623,"It's as continuously beautiful to look at as a Bertolucci, but the relationships here are more convincing and the narrative more engaging than some of that master's work.  ",1,it a continu beauti to look at a a bertolucci but the relationship here be more convinc and the narr more engag than some of that master work
627,"I saw this film over Christmas, and what a great film it was!  ",1,i saw thi film over christma and what a great film it be
628,I thought Errol Flynn was brilliant as Custer and has since become my favourite actor!  ,1,i think errol flynn be brilliant a custer and have sinc becom my favourit actor
629,His acting alongside Olivia De Havilland was brilliant and the ending was fantastic!  ,1,hi act alongsid olivia de havilland be brilliant and the end be fantast
630,"I had always known that Errol Flynn was a brilliant actor as he was my dads favourite actor, and I grew up watching his films as a child.  ",1,i have alway know that errol flynn be a brilliant actor a he be my dad favourit actor and i grow up watch hi film a a child
631,But it wasn't until I watched this film that I realised how great he actually was.  ,1,but it wasnt until i watch thi film that i realis how great he actual be
632,I'll give this film 10 out of 10!  ,1,ill give thi film 10 out of 10
635,"Lovely little thriller from Hitchcock, with lots of nice shenanigans surrounding a murdered spy, a kidnapped child, a nasty church, a foreign plot and some random taxidermists.  ",1,love littl thriller from hitchcock with lot of nice shenanigan surround a murder spi a kidnap child a nasti church a foreign plot and some random taxidermist
636,"Jimmy Stewart is as ever a great hero for Hitchcock, the story rips along to its cool climax at an embassy function, but it lacks the brooding menace of Hitchcock's black and white, low-budget original.  ",1,jimmi stewart be a ever a great hero for hitchcock the stori rip along to it cool climax at an embassi function but it lack the brood menac of hitchcock black and white lowbudget origin
637,Nevertheless yet another wonderful film from the great master's stable.  ,1,nevertheless yet anoth wonder film from the great master stabl
638,I have to say that this film was excellently produced and tops the ratings as a typical sci fi film!  ,1,i have to say that thi film be excel produc and top the rate a a typic sci fi film
639,Excellently produced by one of Sci-fi's best producers Scot Vandiver !  ,1,excel produc by one of scifi best produc scot vandiv
640,"But it is entertaining, nonetheless.  ",1,but it be entertain nonetheless
641,It's a campy sort of film that's a joy to watch.  ,1,it a campi sort of film that a joy to watch
642,There's barely a boring moment in the film and there are plenty of humorous parts.  ,1,there bare a bore moment in the film and there be plenti of humor part
643,The cast is always entertaining as usual.  ,1,the cast be alway entertain a usual
644,"Overall, a delight!  ",1,overal a delight
648,This movie does an excellent job of revealing the complexity of the task and the incredible challenges facing South Africa.  ,1,thi movi do an excel job of reveal the complex of the task and the incred challeng face south africa
649,I believe every one should see this movie as I think few people outside of South Africa understand its past and what is being attempted in the Truth and Reconciliation process.  ,1,i believ everi one should see thi movi a i think few peopl outsid of south africa understand it past and what be be attempt in the truth and reconcili process
650,Nothing short of magnificent photography/cinematography in this film.  ,1,noth short of magnific photographycinematographi in thi film
651,"The acting is fantastic, the stories are seamlessly woven together, and the dogs are splendid............. A must rent, view, or see.  ",1,the act be fantast the stori be seamlessli weav togeth and the dog be splendid a must rent view or see
652,Don't be afraid of subtitles........ its worth a little aversion therapy 10/10  ,1,dont be afraid of subtitl it worth a littl avers therapi 1010
653,Excellent performance.  ,1,excel perform
654,There still are good actors around!  ,1,there still be good actor around
655,Also great directing and photography.  ,1,also great direct and photographi
656,"Very true to Shakespear, and a 'must' for all Shakespear fans.  ",1,veri true to shakespear and a must for all shakespear fan
657,"Macbeth (Jason Connery) moved me to tears with his final monolog (out brief candle, out)He gave the sphere of moral decay and dark forces a human face, which makes it the more interesting.  ",1,macbeth jason conneri move me to tear with hi final monolog out brief candl outh give the sphere of moral decay and dark forc a human face which make it the more interest
658,"Helen Baxendale is a very credible lady Macbeth who can be very cheerfull at times and sometimes she just looks like a naughty girl, but deadly in her taste for blood and evil.  ",1,helen baxendal be a veri credibl ladi macbeth who can be veri cheerful at time and sometim she just look like a naughti girl but deadli in her tast for blood and evil
659,"If you love death and decay, and Shakespears lyrics... this is the one.  ",1,if you love death and decay and shakespear lyric thi be the one
660,"This is a witty and delightful adaptation of the Dr Seuss book, brilliantly animated by UPA's finest and thoroughly deserving of its Academy Award.  ",1,thi be a witti and delight adapt of the dr seuss book brilliantli anim by upa finest and thoroughli deserv of it academi award
661,"Special mention should be made of the superb music score and sound effects, which are an integral element in helping to make this such a memorable and enjoyable cartoon.  ",1,special mention should be make of the superb music score and sound effect which be an integr element in help to make thi such a memor and enjoy cartoon
662,"However Paul Schrader has indeed made a film ""about"" Mishima that is both superb & complex.  ",1,howev paul schrader have inde make a film about mishima that be both superb complex
663,Also notable is John Bailey's fine crisp beautifully colored cinematography and the great production design & costumes by Eiko Ishioka who went on to do the memorable costumes for Coppola's Dracula for which she received a well deserved Oscar.  ,1,also notabl be john bailey fine crisp beauti color cinematographi and the great product design costum by eiko ishioka who go on to do the memor costum for coppola dracula for which she receiv a well deserv oscar
666,"If you do watch it, however, there are small consolations: The actresses playing Anne's sisters each do a wonderful job with their roles.  ",1,if you do watch it howev there be small consol the actress play ann sister each do a wonder job with their role
670,This is a stunning movie.  ,1,thi be a stun movi
671,Raw and sublimely moving.  ,1,raw and sublim move
672,"It felt like a very gripping, intelligent stage play (but without the overly theatrical feeling one actually gets from watching people on a stage) which plays on everyone's terror of a white lie escalating to monstrous consequences.  ",1,it felt like a veri grip intellig stage play but without the overli theatric feel one actual get from watch peopl on a stage which play on everyon terror of a white lie escal to monstrou consequ
673,All of the main players are mesmerising.  ,1,all of the main player be mesmeris
674,Tom Wilkinson broke my heart at the end... and everyone else's judging by the amount of fumbling for hankies and hands going up to faces among males and females alike.  ,1,tom wilkinson break my heart at the end and everyon el judg by the amount of fumbl for hanki and hand go up to face among male and femal alik
675,Julian Fellowes has triumphed again.  ,1,julian fellow have triumph again
676,He's a national treasure.  ,1,he a nation treasur
677,GO AND SEE IT!  ,1,go and see it
678,This is an excellent film.  ,1,thi be an excel film
679,The aerial scenes were well-done.  ,1,the aerial scene be welldon
680,It was also the right balance of war and love.  ,1,it be also the right balanc of war and love
681,"The film gives meaning to the phrase, ""Never in the history of human conflict has so much been owed by so many to so few.  ",1,the film give mean to the phrase never in the histori of human conflict have so much be owe by so mani to so few
682,Kris Kristoffersen is good in this movie and really makes a difference.  ,1,kri kristoffersen be good in thi movi and realli make a differ
683,A good film by a great director!  ,1,a good film by a great director
684,This is definitely one of the better documentaries I have seen looking at family relationships and marriage.  ,1,thi be definit one of the good documentari i have see look at famili relationship and marriag
686,This is just a great movie.  ,1,thi be just a great movi
687,10 out of 10 stars.  ,1,10 out of 10 star
690,Punishment Park is a brilliant piece of cinema.  ,1,punish park be a brilliant piec of cinema
691,"Shot in the Southern California desert using his patent faux documentary style, Watkins creates a film like no other.  ",1,shot in the southern california desert use hi patent faux documentari style watkin creat a film like no other
692,This is one of Peter Watkins most accessible films.  ,1,thi be one of peter watkin most access film
693,I advise you to look out for it.  ,1,i advis you to look out for it
694,You wont regret it!  ,1,you wont regret it
695,Highly recommended A+  ,1,highli recommend a
712,"Stanwyck and Morgan are perfectly cast in what is, in many ways, a modern equivalent of Dickens' Christmas Carol in its sensibility.  ",1,stanwyck and morgan be perfectli cast in what be in mani way a modern equival of dicken christma carol in it sensibl
713,The success of the film depends on the casting of Sydney Greenstreet as the Alexander Yardley character.  ,1,the success of the film depend on the cast of sydney greenstreet a the alexand yardley charact
714,The attractive set used throughout most of the film is an eye-pleasing gem.  ,1,the attract set use throughout most of the film be an eyepleas gem
727,The transfers are very good.  ,1,the transfer be veri good
728,Very nice and relaxing late night viewing.  ,1,veri nice and relax late night view
729,The movie is full of wonderful dancing (hence the title!  ,1,the movi be full of wonder danc henc the titl
730,") some great music, and terrific scenery.  ",1,some great music and terrif sceneri
731,"It handles some tough issues with dignity and grace, and, of course, has (shocking spoiler here!  ",1,it handl some tough issu with digniti and grace and of cours have shock spoiler here
732,") a happy, wonderful, feel good ending!  ",1,a happi wonder feel good end
733,"The point is the journey, a journey that touches every member of the family.  ",1,the point be the journey a journey that touch everi member of the famili
734,It's one of the movies I need to see whenever it comes on TV...never mind the fact that I already have it memorized!  ,1,it one of the movi i need to see whenev it come on tvnever mind the fact that i alreadi have it memor
740,I just saw this film and I recommend it.  ,1,i just saw thi film and i recommend it
741,"It has a very good plot, it holds your complete attention, the acting is superb, Tom Wilkinson was fantastic and Emily Watson was also very good.  ",1,it have a veri good plot it hold your complet attent the act be superb tom wilkinson be fantast and emili watson be also veri good
742,"A very good film indeed, about great and unconditional love.  ",1,a veri good film inde about great and uncondit love
743,"Tom Wilkinson's character is a man who is not prepared for the ordeal that is about to begin, but he takes the matter in hand as the story progresses, and this great actor gives a performance that makes you feel the character's anguish and suffering.  ",1,tom wilkinson charact be a man who be not prepar for the ordeal that be about to begin but he take the matter in hand a the stori progress and thi great actor give a perform that make you feel the charact anguish and suffer
744,"Emily Watson's character is very strong, and she has only to give a quick glance and you understand everything.  ",1,emili watson charact be veri strong and she have onli to give a quick glanc and you understand everyth
745,"Despite the pans of reviewers, I liked this movie.  ",1,despit the pan of review i like thi movi
746,"In fact, I liked it better than Interview With a Vampire and I liked this Lestat (Stuart Townsend) better than Cruise's attempt.  ",1,in fact i like it good than interview with a vampir and i like thi lestat stuart townsend good than cruis attempt
747,"Aailiyah was pretty good as Akasha, in places compelling (her first entrance and mini dance scene).  ",1,aailiyah be pretti good a akasha in place compel her first entranc and mini danc scene
748,"I'm a big fan of this series mostly due to Anne Rice's style, sensitivities and treatments.  ",1,im a big fan of thi seri mostli due to ann rice style sensit and treatment
749,I guess I liked the details of his dysfunction--he was believable.  ,1,i guess i like the detail of hi dysfunctionh be believ
751,But I thought his acting was skilled.  ,1,but i think hi act be skill
752,Meredith M was better than all right.  ,1,meredith m be good than all right
753,A very charming film with wonderful sentiment and heart.  ,1,a veri charm film with wonder sentiment and heart
754,It is rare when a film-maker takes the time to tell a worthy moral tale with care and love that doesn't fall into the trap of being overly syrupy or over indulgent.  ,1,it be rare when a filmmak take the time to tell a worthi moral tale with care and love that doesnt fall into the trap of be overli syrupi or over indulg
755,Nine out of ten for a truly lovely film.  ,1,nine out of ten for a truli love film
756,This early film from future goremeister Lucio Fulci is a very good addition to the giallo sub-genre.  ,1,thi earli film from futur goremeist lucio fulci be a veri good addit to the giallo subgenr
757,This is one of the best Italian thrillers of the early 70's.  ,1,thi be one of the best italian thriller of the earli 70
758,A standout scene.  ,1,a standout scene
760,"Technically, the film is well made with impressive camera-work, solid acting and effective music from Riz Ortolani – particularly good is a recurring unaccompanied female vocal that sounds like it's coming from a distant hill.  ",1,technic the film be well make with impress camerawork solid act and effect music from riz ortolani particularli good be a recur unaccompani femal vocal that sound like it come from a distant hill
761,It's still wild stuff though and is highly recommended to fans of giallo cinema.  ,1,it still wild stuff though and be highli recommend to fan of giallo cinema
762,The movie was very interesting from beginning to the end.  ,1,the movi be veri interest from begin to the end
763,I liked the way Dustin Hoffman's character was ready to do just about everything to stay with his son.  ,1,i like the way dustin hoffman charact be readi to do just about everyth to stay with hi son
764,This movie is also revealing.  ,1,thi movi be also reveal
765,"Personally, I think it shows that people should learn to find a compromise them self without involving other people into issue.  ",1,person i think it show that peopl should learn to find a compromis them self without involv other peopl into issu
768,PS the only scene in the movie that was cool is when the central character finds her room blown up.  ,1,ps the onli scene in the movi that be cool be when the central charact find her room blow up
769,"It's a fresh, subtle, and rather sublime effect.  ",1,it a fresh subtl and rather sublim effect
770,"An Italian reviewer called this ""a small, great film,"" and that's right.  ",1,an italian review call thi a small great film and that right
771,"All the actors give a wonderful performance, especially Jennifer Rubin as Jamie Harris, who changes from the nervous starlet in the beginning through the strange events she is part of to the cool star.  ",1,all the actor give a wonder perform especi jennif rubin a jami harri who chang from the nervou starlet in the begin through the strang event she be part of to the cool star
772,"You learn a lot about the real inside emotions of people in this movie, and a lot about the movie business itself.  ",1,you learn a lot about the real insid emot of peopl in thi movi and a lot about the movi busi itself
773,"The movie in movie situations in the beginning and through the game that is played with her by the ""acting coach"" are fascinating.  ",1,the movi in movi situat in the begin and through the game that be play with her by the act coach be fascin
774,Also the music by Mark Snow is possibly the best score I've ever heard.  ,1,also the music by mark snow be possibl the best score ive ever heard
775,You won't forget this movie!  ,1,you wont forget thi movi
782,"I saw it as a child on TV back in 1973, when it was ""The Stranger"" and I loved it.  ",1,i saw it a a child on tv back in 1973 when it be the stranger and i love it
783,But the duet between the astronaut and his doctor at the beginning of the movie is a perfect exchange if one considers that this movie was made well into the Cold War and the astronaut's biggest fear is that he has crashed in the USSR.  ,1,but the duet between the astronaut and hi doctor at the begin of the movi be a perfect exchang if one consid that thi movi be make well into the cold war and the astronaut big fear be that he have crash in the ussr
784,This movie is so awesome!  ,1,thi movi be so awesom
785,"I loved it, it was really scary.  ",1,i love it it be realli scari
786,I love the Scream movies and all horror movies and this one ranks way up there.  ,1,i love the scream movi and all horror movi and thi one rank way up there
787,If you want a real scare rent this one!  ,1,if you want a real scare rent thi one
788,10/10  ,1,1010
789,This is an extraordinary film.  ,1,thi be an extraordinari film
790,"As a courtroom drama, it's compelling, as an indictment on the American justice system, it's frightening.  ",1,a a courtroom drama it compel a an indict on the american justic system it frighten
791,"This film highlights the fundamental flaws of the legal process, that it's not about discovering guilt or innocence, but rather, is about who presents better in court.  ",1,thi film highlight the fundament flaw of the legal process that it not about discov guilt or innoc but rather be about who present good in court
792,"The film is well paced, understated and one of the best courtroom documentaries I've seen.  ",1,the film be well pace underst and one of the best courtroom documentari ive see
793,This mostly routine fact-based TV drama gets a boost from the fine performance by Cole.  ,1,thi mostli routin factbas tv drama get a boost from the fine perform by cole
794,"Predictable, but not a bad watch.  ",1,predict but not a bad watch
795,It was clear that she had the range and ability to pull off this part.  ,1,it be clear that she have the rang and abil to pull off thi part
796,She carries the movie well.  ,1,she carri the movi well
797,Constantine gives everything the right intensity and seems to have a good understanding of the underlying psychological motivations.  ,1,constantin give everyth the right intens and seem to have a good understand of the underli psycholog motiv
798,"It is wonderful and inspiring to watch, and I hope that it gets released again on to video or DVD.  ",1,it be wonder and inspir to watch and i hope that it get releas again on to video or dvd
807,Editing: The editing of this film was phenomenal in my opinion.  ,1,edit the edit of thi film be phenomen in my opinion
808,"When a song could explain the emotions of the subjects better, such as when Jay Adams' unfortunate life was a subject of talk, the song Old Man by Neil Young was played, which evokes many emotions.  ",1,when a song could explain the emot of the subject well such a when jay adam unfortun life be a subject of talk the song old man by neil young be play which evok mani emot
809,Cinematography: The film was shot in an interesting way.  ,1,cinematographi the film be shoot in an interest way
810,"Of course the footage from the 70s was grainy, but that only enhanced the film.  ",1,of cours the footag from the 70 be graini but that onli enhanc the film
811,This film offers many delights and surprises.  ,1,thi film offer mani delight and surpris
812,"When Achille and Philippa beautifully sing a duet from ""Don Giovanni"" that perfectly describes their situation in the movie, you appreciate the subtle layers of this excellent film.  ",1,when achil and philippa beauti sing a duet from don giovanni that perfectli describ their situat in the movi you appreci the subtl layer of thi excel film
813,The story unfolds in 18th century Jutland and the use of period music played on period instruments is just one more fine touch.  ,1,the stori unfold in 18th centuri jutland and the use of period music play on period instrument be just one more fine touch
814,You share General Loewenhielm's exquisite joy in his partaking of the Cailles en Sarcophage even though you are just watching a movie - but you do wish for just a small sample to savor.  ,1,you share gener loewenhielm exquisit joy in hi partak of the caill en sarcophag even though you be just watch a movi but you do wish for just a small sampl to savor
815,But this understated film leaves a lasting impression.  ,1,but thi underst film leav a last impress
816,The warmth it generates is in contrast to its austere backdrop.  ,1,the warmth it gener be in contrast to it auster backdrop
817,You will leave the theater wanting to go out and dance under the stars.  ,1,you will leav the theater want to go out and danc under the star
818,"The acting, as you'd expect from this cast, is top notch.  ",1,the act a youd expect from thi cast be top notch
819,"The characters are fleshed out surprisingly well, particularly Grimes and Blake, and all the actors deliver their sharply scripted lines with just the right amount of deadpan tongue in cheek to make the dialogue both hilarious and realistic.  ",1,the charact be flesh out surprisingli well particularli grime and blake and all the actor deliv their sharpli script line with just the right amount of deadpan tongu in cheek to make the dialogu both hilari and realist
820,"Angus Scrimm also turns in a good performance in a somewhat brief but memorable role as the gently menacing, violin-playing anatomist Doctor Quinn.  ",1,angu scrimm also turn in a good perform in a somewhat brief but memor role a the gentli menac violinplay anatomist doctor quinn
821,Conclusion - I loved it.  ,1,conclus i love it
822,It's a long time since I was so entertained by a movie.  ,1,it a long time sinc i be so entertain by a movi
823,I struggle to find anything bad to say about it.  ,1,i struggl to find anyth bad to say about it
824,"Mark my words, this is one of those cult films like Evil Dead 2 or Phantasm that people will still be discovering and falling in love with 20, 30, 40 years down the line.  ",1,mark my word thi be one of those cult film like evil dead 2 or phantasm that peopl will still be discov and fall in love with 20 30 40 year down the line
825,"It's pretty surprising that this wonderful film was made in 1949, as Hollywood generally had its collective heads in the sand concerning black and white issues at that time.  ",1,it pretti surpris that thi wonder film be make in 1949 a hollywood gener have it collect head in the sand concern black and white issu at that time
826,"The film deserves strong kudos for taking this stand, for having exceptional acting from its mostly lesser-known cast and for the super-intelligent script that doesn't insult the audience or take the easy way out when it comes to white racism.  ",1,the film deserv strong kudo for take thi stand for have except act from it mostli lesserknown cast and for the superintellig script that doesnt insult the audienc or take the easi way out when it come to white racism
827,"Plus, with the movie's rather modest budget and fast running time, it does an amazing job!  ",1,plu with the movi rather modest budget and fast run time it do an amaz job
828,Juano Hernandez (an exceptional actor who played supporting roles in many films of the era) is a proud black man who is accused of murdering a white man in the South.  ,1,juano hernandez an except actor who play support role in mani film of the era be a proud black man who be accus of murder a white man in the south
829,Trumbull on I LOVE LUCY).  ,1,trumbul on i love luci
830,See it with your kids if you have a chance--it will open up some amazing dialog about how far race relations have come in the last 50 years.  ,1,see it with your kid if you have a chanceit will open up some amaz dialog about how far race relat have come in the last 50 year
831,See both films if you can.  ,1,see both film if you can
832,"It was that year, however, that reminded us that Huston was still at the top of his game as evinced by his faithful adaptation of James Joyce's acclaimed novella ""The Dead.  ",1,it be that year howev that remind u that huston be still at the top of hi game a evinc by hi faith adapt of jame joyc acclaim novella the dead
833,"Feelings, thoughts...Gabriel's discomfort during the dance...all these intangibles leap to life and come within the viewer's grasp in Huston's portrayal.  ",1,feel thoughtsgabriel discomfort dure the danceal these intang leap to life and come within the viewer grasp in huston portray
842,This movie is possibly one of the most creative works of horror ever.  ,1,thi movi be possibl one of the most creativ work of horror ever
843,"It has everything you could want... suspense, drama, comedy, confusing subplots, native americans, brain eating... If you're looking for the be-all, end-all of brainsucking movies, look no further.  ",1,it have everyth you could want suspens drama comedi confus subplot nativ american brain eat if your look for the beall endal of brainsuck movi look no further
844,"With great sound effects, and impressive special effects, I cant recommend this movie enough.  ",1,with great sound effect and impress special effect i cant recommend thi movi enough
845,"Call me a nut, but I think this is one of the best movies ever.  ",1,call me a nut but i think thi be one of the best movi ever
846,Great character actors Telly Savalas and Peter Boyle.  ,1,great charact actor telli savala and peter boyl
858,"I won't spoil it, but the ending in pretty amazing.  ",1,i wont spoil it but the end in pretti amaz
859,"The best scene in the movie is at the end, but I won't spoil it.  ",1,the best scene in the movi be at the end but i wont spoil it
860,"If there was ever an indication of a writer and a director's ability to meld two highly volatile temperaments into a seamless union of creativity, then this is it!  ",1,if there be ever an indic of a writer and a director abil to meld two highli volatil tempera into a seamless union of creativ then thi be it
861,"The result is a powerhouse achievement, made more timely now perhaps because of our culture's disturbing fascination with celebrity, and it's distorted interpretations of fame.  ",1,the result be a powerhous achiev make more time now perhap becaus of our cultur disturb fascin with celebr and it distort interpret of fame
862,A film not easily forgotten.  ,1,a film not easili forget
863,"But, Kevin Spacey is an excellent, verbal tsunami as Buddy Ackerman – and totally believable because he is a great actor.  ",1,but kevin spacey be an excel verbal tsunami a buddi ackerman and total believ becaus he be a great actor
864,The scripting of the subtle comedy is unmatched by any movie in recent years.  ,1,the script of the subtl comedi be unmatch by ani movi in recent year
865,"The characters are interesting, even if a bit predictable.  ",1,the charact be interest even if a bit predict
866,"Highly recommended for all ages, although the younger set will probably not appreciate some of the more subtle references, they will certainly appreciate one galley scene in particular!  ",1,highli recommend for all age although the young set will probabl not appreci some of the more subtl refer they will certainli appreci one galley scene in particular
867,Great movie!  ,1,great movi
877,Linda Cardellini is the only thing good in this film.  ,1,linda cardellini be the onli thing good in thi film
878,She's poised and amazing.  ,1,she pois and amaz
897,"The fact is, this film is a wonderful, heartwarming tale about two people chasing their dreams.  ",1,the fact be thi film be a wonder heartwarm tale about two peopl chase their dream
898,"The best part about ""Nurse Betty"" is it's unpredictability.  ",1,the best part about nurs betti be it unpredict
899,"Director Neil LaBute uses brutal violence to seperate dreams from reality, and along with the touching drama, and hilarious comedy, you can never tell what is going to happen next.  ",1,director neil labut us brutal violenc to seper dream from realiti and along with the touch drama and hilari comedi you can never tell what be go to happen next
903,"There is, however, some pretty good acting (at least, for this type of film).  ",1,there be howev some pretti good act at least for thi type of film
914,I saw this short film on HBO the other day and absolutely loved it.  ,1,i saw thi short film on hbo the other day and absolut love it
915,I didn't realize how wonderful the short really is until the last two scenes.  ,1,i didnt realiz how wonder the short realli be until the last two scene
916,Excellent short film.  ,1,excel short film
917,"Hopefully, the director James Cox can turn the short into a feature length film with the same cast, or win us over with a whole new film.  ",1,hope the director jam cox can turn the short into a featur length film with the same cast or win u over with a whole new film
921,"Not much dialogue, not much music, the whole film was shot as elaborately and aesthetically like a sculpture.  ",1,not much dialogu not much music the whole film be shoot a elabor and aesthet like a sculptur
926,"Funny, clever, hip - just like Pray's previous film, Hype!  ",1,funni clever hip just like pray previou film hype
927,It was a long time that i didn't see a so charismatic actor on screen.  ,1,it be a long time that i didnt see a so charismat actor on screen
928,Paolo Sorrentino has written a wonderful story about loneliness and Tony has built one of the most unforgettable characters seen in movies in recent years.  ,1,paolo sorrentino have write a wonder stori about loneli and toni have build one of the most unforgett charact see in movi in recent year
929,The movie is not completely perfect but 'Titta Di Girolamo' will stay with you for a long time after the vision of the movie.  ,1,the movi be not complet perfect but titta di girolamo will stay with you for a long time after the vision of the movi
930,I rate this movie 9/10.  ,1,i rate thi movi 910
931,"I do not know if this was Emilio Estevez's directorial debut, but the pacing, the interplay and development of the characters as well as some clever camera work surrounding the character Estevez plays all suggest a natural eye.  ",1,i do not know if thi be emilio estevez directori debut but the pace the interplay and develop of the charact as well a some clever camera work surround the charact estevez play all suggest a natur eye
932,The interplay between Martin and Emilio contains the same wonderful chemistry we saw in Wall Street with Martin and Charlie.  ,1,the interplay between martin and emilio contain the same wonder chemistri we saw in wall street with martin and charli
933,"Kathy Bates is wonderful in her characters subtle desperation and escapism; a variation on her character in ""At Play In The Fields Of The Lord"".  ",1,kathi bate be wonder in her charact subtl desper and escap a variat on her charact in at play in the field of the lord
934,For readers who have already seen one of Miyazaki's films: he is still in top form and made another worthwhile experience.  ,1,for reader who have alreadi see one of miyazaki film he be still in top form and make anoth worthwhil experi
935,"It never condescends, all the characters have good genuine hearts and believable problems.  ",1,it never condescend all the charact have good genuin heart and believ problem
936,The two main characters may be two of the most believable children I ever saw put on screen.  ,1,the two main charact may be two of the most believ child i ever saw put on screen
937,"They are so easy to love, but even more easy to identify with.  ",1,they be so easi to love but even more easi to identifi with
938,This movie is great--especially if you enjoy visual arts.  ,1,thi movi be greatespeci if you enjoy visual art
939,The scenery that the two daughters paint and photograph are beautiful.  ,1,the sceneri that the two daughter paint and photograph be beauti
940,The story is also both funny and poignant at times.  ,1,the stori be also both funni and poignant at time
941,"People who like European films and ""art movies"" will like this movie.  ",1,peopl who like european film and art movi will like thi movi
942,This is truly an art movie--it actually has a lot of art in it.  ,1,thi be truli an art movieit actual have a lot of art in it
943,Go rent it.  ,1,go rent it
944,"However, after finally watching this film, I realized that not only had I had a closed mind to the brilliance it depicts, I also found myself watching it over and over again.  ",1,howev after final watch thi film i realiz that not onli have i have a close mind to the brillianc it depict i also find myself watch it over and over again
945,"It's the one movie that never ceases to interest me, simply because it keeps me alert, as I try to attempt to decipher it's meanings.  ",1,it the one movi that never ceas to interest me simpli becaus it keep me alert a i tri to attempt to deciph it mean
946,Brilliance indeed.  ,1,brillianc inde
947,"But if you liked movies like The Matrix (and better yet, their sequels) I think you'll appreciate the thought provoking, mindblowing experience this film will give you.  ",1,but if you like movi like the matrix and good yet their sequel i think youll appreci the thought provok mindblow experi thi film will give you
948,Think of the film being like a dream.  ,1,think of the film be like a dream
949,Simply beautiful.  ,1,simpli beauti
950,Both Rickman and Stowe play their roles to the hilt in this tale of a childrens' book writer who-- maybe?-- has written a subversive tract.  ,1,both rickman and stow play their role to the hilt in thi tale of a children book writer who mayb have write a subvers tract
951,"It's a gloriously fun, fast paced and fairly accurate portrayal of the night of a raver.  ",1,it a glorious fun fast pace and fairli accur portray of the night of a raver
952,It presents a idyllic yet serious portrayal of the ups and downs of the characters lives.  ,1,it present a idyl yet seriou portray of the up and down of the charact life
956,But it picked up speed and got right to the point.  ,1,but it pick up speed and get right to the point
957,"It showed exactly how the government and the scientist argued for humanity and the reasons of the ""gadget"".  ",1,it show exactli how the govern and the scientist argu for human and the reason of the gadget
958,I enjoyed it.  ,1,i enjoy it
959,I have recommended it to friends.  ,1,i have recommend it to friend
960,I was particularly pleased with the acting ability of Dwight Schultz.  ,1,i be particularli pleas with the act abil of dwight schultz
961,"Both actors truly understand and become their particular character, delivering a convincing, sincere performance.  ",1,both actor truli understand and becom their particular charact deliv a convinc sincer perform
962,"Their on-screen chemistry, critical to the entire film, is genuine.  ",1,their onscreen chemistri critic to the entir film be genuin
963,"The film's dialogue is natural, real to life.  ",1,the film dialogu be natur real to life
964,"The writer, Gorman Bechard, undoubtedly did his homework because all references are industry and character-age appropriate.  ",1,the writer gorman bechard undoubtedli do hi homework becaus all refer be industri and characterag appropri
965,The incredible soundtrack truly captures the essence of the film.  ,1,the incred soundtrack truli captur the essenc of the film
966,"Each track commands sentiment, actually contributing to the scenes and characters.  ",1,each track command sentiment actual contribut to the scene and charact
967,Definitely worth seeing… it's the sort of thought provoking film that forces you to question your own threshold of loneliness.  ,1,definit worth see it the sort of thought provok film that forc you to question your own threshold of loneli
968,"Hayao Miyazaki's latest and eighth film for Studio Ghibili, ""Gake No Ue No Ponyo"" (Ponyo on the Cliff by the Sea) is a wonderfully fun and imaginative look at childhood.  ",1,hayao miyazaki late and eighth film for studio ghibili gake no ue no ponyo ponyo on the cliff by the sea be a wonder fun and imagin look at childhood
969,"At a time when it seems that film animation has been dominated by Disney/Pixar's CGI masterpieces, it is both refreshing and comforting to know that Miyazaki is still relying on traditional hand-drawn animation to tell his charming and enchanting stories.  ",1,at a time when it seem that film anim have be domin by disneypixar cgi masterpiec it be both refresh and comfort to know that miyazaki be still reli on tradit handdrawn anim to tell hi charm and enchant stori
970,Enough can not be said of the remarkable animation in this film.  ,1,enough can not be say of the remark anim in thi film
971,The art style has the appearance of crayon/pencil drawings and is wonderfully colorful and fanciful.  ,1,the art style have the appear of crayonpencil draw and be wonder color and fanci
975,"Still, it makes up for all of this with a super ending that depicts a great sea vessel being taken out by the mighty frost.  ",1,still it make up for all of thi with a super end that depict a great sea vessel be take out by the mighti frost
976,"Just consider the excellent story, solid acting and look of the film as added bonuses.  ",1,just consid the excel stori solid act and look of the film a ad bonu
978,"Then I watched it again two Sundays ago (March 20th, 2005) and I began to really enjoy it and this time I taped the entire thing.  ",1,then i watch it again two sunday ago march 20th 2005 and i begin to realli enjoy it and thi time i tap the entir thing
979,It is a very well acted and done TV Movie.  ,1,it be a veri well act and do tv movi
980,Judith Light is one of my favorite actresses and I think she does a superb job in this film!  ,1,judith light be one of my favorit actress and i think she do a superb job in thi film
981,I keep watching it over and over.  ,1,i keep watch it over and over
982,"It's a sad movie, but very good.  ",1,it a sad movi but veri good
983,"If you have not seen this movie, I definitely recommend it!  ",1,if you have not see thi movi i definit recommend it
984,"She is as lovely as usual, this cutie!  ",1,she be as love a usual thi cuti
985,Still it's quite interesting and entertaining to follow.  ,1,still it quit interest and entertain to follow
986,;) Recommend with confidence!  ,1,recommend with confid
987,This movie is well-balanced with comedy and drama and I thoroughly enjoyed myself.  ,1,thi movi be wellbalanc with comedi and drama and i thoroughli enjoy myself
988,It was a riot to see Hugo Weaving play a sex-obsessed gay real estate salesman who uses his clients' houses for his trysts with the flaming Darren (Tom Hollander).  ,1,it be a riot to see hugo weav play a sexobsess gay real estat salesman who use hi client hous for hi tryst with the flame darren tom holland
989,":) Anyway, the plot flowed smoothly and the male-bonding scenes were a hoot.  ",1,anyway the plot flow smoothli and the malebond scene be a hoot
990,"The opening sequence of this gem is a classic, and the cat n mouse games that follow are a delight to watch.  ",1,the open sequenc of thi gem be a classic and the cat n mous game that follow be a delight to watch
991,Fans of the genre will be in heaven.  ,1,fan of the genr will be in heaven
992,Lange had become a great actress.  ,1,lang have becom a great actress
993,It looked like a wonderful story.  ,1,it look like a wonder stori
1000,Wow... Loved this place.,1,wow love thi place
1003,Stopped by during the late May bank holiday off Rick Steve recommendation and loved it.,1,stop by dure the late may bank holiday off rick steve recommend and love it
1004,The selection on the menu was great and so were the prices.,1,the select on the menu be great and so be the price
1008,The fries were great too.,1,the fri be great too
1009,A great touch.,1,a great touch
1010,Service was very prompt.,1,servic be veri prompt
1013,"I tried the Cape Cod ravoli, chicken,with cranberry...mmmm!",1,i tri the cape cod ravoli chickenwith cranberrymmmm
1016,Highly recommended.,1,highli recommend
1021,"The food, amazing.",1,the food amaz
1022,Service is also cute.,1,servic be also cute
1023,I could care less... The interior is just beautiful.,1,i could care less the interior be just beauti
1024,So they performed.,1,so they perform
1025,That's right....the red velvet cake.....ohhh this stuff is so good.,1,that rightth red velvet cakeohhh thi stuff be so good
1027,"This hole in the wall has great Mexican street tacos, and friendly staff.",1,thi hole in the wall have great mexican street taco and friendli staff
1030,"Also there are combos like a burger, fries, and beer for 23 which is a decent deal.",1,also there be combo like a burger fri and beer for 23 which be a decent deal
1032,I found this place by accident and I could not be happier.,1,i find thi place by accid and i could not be happi
1034,"Overall, I like this place a lot.",1,overal i like thi place a lot
1035,The only redeeming quality of the restaurant was that it was very inexpensive.,1,the onli redeem qualiti of the restaur be that it be veri inexpens
1036,Ample portions and good prices.,1,ampl portion and good price
1038,My first visit to Hiro was a delight!,1,my first visit to hiro be a delight
1040,The shrimp tender and moist.,1,the shrimp tender and moist
1043,"On a positive note, our server was very attentive and provided great service.",1,on a posit note our server be veri attent and provid great servic
1045,The only thing I did like was the prime rib and dessert section.,1,the onli thing i do like be the prime rib and dessert section
1047,"The burger is good beef, cooked just right.",1,the burger be good beef cook just right
1048,If you want a sandwich just go to any Firehouse!!!!!,1,if you want a sandwich just go to ani firehous
1049,"My side Greek salad with the Greek dressing was so tasty, and the pita and hummus was very refreshing.",1,my side greek salad with the greek dress be so tasti and the pita and hummu be veri refresh
1050,We ordered the duck rare and it was pink and tender on the inside with a nice char on the outside.,1,we order the duck rare and it be pink and tender on the insid with a nice char on the outsid
1051,He came running after us when he realized my husband had left his sunglasses on the table.,1,he come run after u when he realiz my husband have leav hi sunglass on the tabl
1052,Their chow mein is so good!,1,their chow mein be so good
1054,The portion was huge!,1,the portion be huge
1055,"Loved it...friendly servers, great food, wonderful and imaginative menu.",1,love itfriendli server great food wonder and imagin menu
1058,"The salad had just the right amount of sauce to not over power the scallop, which was perfectly cooked.",1,the salad have just the right amount of sauc to not over power the scallop which be perfectli cook
1061,This place receives stars for their APPETIZERS!!!,1,thi place receiv star for their appet
1062,The cocktails are all handmade and delicious.,1,the cocktail be all handmad and delici
1063,We'd definitely go back here again.,1,wed definit go back here again
1064,We are so glad we found this place.,1,we be so glad we find thi place
1065,"Great food and service, huge portions and they give a military discount.",1,great food and servic huge portion and they give a militari discount
1066,Always a great time at Dos Gringos!,1,alway a great time at do gringo
1067,Update.....went back for a second time and it was still just as amazing,1,updatew back for a second time and it be still just a amaz
1069,A great way to finish a great.,1,a great way to finish a great
1070,"The deal included 5 tastings and 2 drinks, and Jeff went above and beyond what we expected.",1,the deal includ 5 tast and 2 drink and jeff go abov and beyond what we expect
1071,"- Really, really good rice, all the time.",1,realli realli good rice all the time
1077,The sweet potato fries were very good and seasoned well.,1,the sweet potato fri be veri good and season well
1078,Today is the second time I've been to their lunch buffet and it was pretty good.,1,today be the second time ive be to their lunch buffet and it be pretti good
1083,This place has it!,1,thi place have it
1085,I love the Pho and the spring rolls oh so yummy you have to try.,1,i love the pho and the spring roll oh so yummi you have to tri
1087,All I have to say is the food was amazing!!!,1,all i have to say be the food be amaz
1088,Omelets are to die for!,1,omelet be to die for
1089,Everything was fresh and delicious!,1,everyth be fresh and delici
1091,"It's like a really sexy party in your mouth, where you're outrageously flirting with the hottest person at the party.",1,it like a realli sexi parti in your mouth where your outrag flirt with the hot person at the parti
1093,Best breakfast buffet!!!,1,best breakfast buffet
1096,Will be back again!,1,will be back again
1097,Food arrived quickly!,1,food arriv quickli
1099,"On the up side, their cafe serves really good food.",1,on the up side their cafe serf realli good food
1100,"Our server was fantastic and when he found out the wife loves roasted garlic and bone marrow, he added extra to our meal and another marrow to go!",1,our server be fantast and when he find out the wife love roast garlic and bone marrow he add extra to our meal and anoth marrow to go
1101,"The only good thing was our waiter, he was very helpful and kept the bloddy mary's coming.",1,the onli good thing be our waiter he be veri help and keep the bloddi mari come
1102,"Best Buffet in town, for the price you cannot beat it.",1,best buffet in town for the price you can not beat it
1103,"I LOVED their mussels cooked in this wine reduction, the duck was tender, and their potato dishes were delicious.",1,i love their mussel cook in thi wine reduct the duck be tender and their potato dish be delici
1104,This is one of the better buffets that I have been to.,1,thi be one of the good buffet that i have be to
1105,So we went to Tigerlilly and had a fantastic afternoon!,1,so we go to tigerlilli and have a fantast afternoon
1106,"The food was delicious, our bartender was attentive and personable AND we got a great deal!",1,the food be delici our bartend be attent and person and we get a great deal
1107,The ambience is wonderful and there is music playing.,1,the ambienc be wonder and there be music play
1108,Will go back next trip out.,1,will go back next trip out
1109,Sooooo good!!,1,sooooo good
1112,This is a really fantastic Thai restaurant which is definitely worth a visit.,1,thi be a realli fantast thai restaur which be definit worth a visit
1113,"Nice, spicy and tender.",1,nice spici and tender
1114,Good prices.,1,good price
1115,Check it out.,1,check it out
1122,Service was fine and the waitress was friendly.,1,servic be fine and the waitress be friendli
1123,"The guys all had steaks, and our steak loving son who has had steak at the best and worst places said it was the best steak he's ever eaten.",1,the guy all have steak and our steak love son who have have steak at the best and bad place say it be the best steak he ever eat
1124,"We thought you'd have to venture further away to get good sushi, but this place really hit the spot that night.",1,we think youd have to ventur far away to get good sushi but thi place realli hit the spot that night
1127,"Phenomenal food, service and ambiance.",1,phenomen food servic and ambianc
1129,"Definitely worth venturing off the strip for the pork belly, will return next time I'm in Vegas.",1,definit worth ventur off the strip for the pork belli will return next time im in vega
1131,Penne vodka excellent!,1,penn vodka excel
1132,"They have a good selection of food including a massive meatloaf sandwich, a crispy chicken wrap, a delish tuna melt and some tasty burgers.",1,they have a good select of food includ a massiv meatloaf sandwich a crispi chicken wrap a delish tuna melt and some tasti burger
1134,"Delicious NYC bagels, good selections of cream cheese, real Lox with capers even.",1,delici nyc bagel good select of cream chees real lox with caper even
1135,"Great Subway, in fact it's so good when you come here every other Subway will not meet your expectations.",1,great subway in fact it so good when you come here everi other subway will not meet your expect
1136,I had a seriously solid breakfast here.,1,i have a serious solid breakfast here
1137,This is one of the best bars with food in Vegas.,1,thi be one of the best bar with food in vega
1139,My drink was never empty and he made some really great menu suggestions.,1,my drink be never empti and he make some realli great menu suggest
1144,Nice blanket of moz over top but i feel like this was done to cover up the subpar food.,1,nice blanket of moz over top but i feel like thi be do to cover up the subpar food
1145,The bathrooms are clean and the place itself is well decorated.,1,the bathroom be clean and the place itself be well decor
1150,My fiancé and I came in the middle of the day and we were greeted and seated right away.,1,my fiancé and i come in the middl of the day and we be greet and seat right away
1151,This is a great restaurant at the Mandalay Bay.,1,thi be a great restaur at the mandalay bay
1154,Some highlights : Great quality nigiri here!,1,some highlight great qualiti nigiri here
1155,the staff is friendly and the joint is always clean.,1,the staff be friendli and the joint be alway clean
1156,this was a different cut than the piece the other day but still wonderful and tender s well as well flavored.,1,thi be a differ cut than the piec the other day but still wonder and tender s well as well flavor
1157,I ordered the Voodoo pasta and it was the first time I'd had really excellent pasta since going gluten free several years ago.,1,i order the voodoo pasta and it be the first time id have realli excel pasta sinc go gluten free sever year ago
1158,this place is good.,1,thi place be good
1161,I was seated immediately.,1,i be seat immedi
1162,"Their menu is diverse, and reasonably priced.",1,their menu be divers and reason price
1164,Restaurant is always full but never a wait.,1,restaur be alway full but never a wait
1165,DELICIOUS!!,1,delici
1166,This place is hands-down one of the best places to eat in the Phoenix metro area.,1,thi place be handsdown one of the best place to eat in the phoenix metro area
1169,Bacon is hella salty.,1,bacon be hella salti
1171,"This really is how Vegas fine dining used to be, right down to the menus handed to the ladies that have no prices listed.",1,thi realli be how vega fine dine use to be right down to the menu hand to the ladi that have no price list
1172,The waitresses are very friendly.,1,the waitress be veri friendli
1173,"Lordy, the Khao Soi is a dish that is not to be missed for curry lovers!",1,lordi the khao soi be a dish that be not to be miss for curri lover
1174,Everything on the menu is terrific and we were also thrilled that they made amazing accommodations for our vegetarian daughter.,1,everyth on the menu be terrif and we be also thrill that they make amaz accommod for our vegetarian daughter
1177,"The atmosphere is modern and hip, while maintaining a touch of coziness.",1,the atmospher be modern and hip while maintain a touch of cozi
1178,"Not a weekly haunt, but definitely a place to come back to every once in a while.",1,not a weekli haunt but definit a place to come back to everi onc in a while
1184,"Love this place, hits the spot when I want something healthy but not lacking in quantity or flavor.",1,love thi place hit the spot when i want someth healthi but not lack in quantiti or flavor
1185,I ordered the Lemon raspberry ice cocktail which was also incredible.,1,i order the lemon raspberri ice cocktail which be also incred
1187,Interesting decor.,1,interest decor
1188,What I really like there is the crepe station.,1,what i realli like there be the crepe station
1189,"Also were served hot bread and butter, and home made potato chips with bacon bits on top....very original and very good.",1,also be serv hot bread and butter and home make potato chip with bacon bit on topveri origin and veri good
1190,you can watch them preparing the delicious food!),1,you can watch them prepar the delici food
1191,Both of the egg rolls were fantastic.,1,both of the egg roll be fantast
1193,"I had a salad with the wings, and some ice cream for dessert and left feeling quite satisfied.",1,i have a salad with the wing and some ice cream for dessert and leav feel quit satisfi
1195,The best place to go for a tasty bowl of Pho!,1,the best place to go for a tasti bowl of pho
1198,Very friendly staff.,1,veri friendli staff
1199,It is worth the drive.,1,it be worth the drive
1200,"I had heard good things about this place, but it exceeding every hope I could have dreamed of.",1,i have hear good thing about thi place but it exceed everi hope i could have dream of
1201,Food was great and so was the serivce!,1,food be great and so be the serivc
1203,Great brunch spot.,1,great brunch spot
1204,Service is friendly and inviting.,1,servic be friendli and invit
1205,Very good lunch spot.,1,veri good lunch spot
1209,"The sides are delish - mixed mushrooms, yukon gold puree, white corn - beateous.",1,the side be delish mix mushroom yukon gold pure white corn beateou
1212,My friend loved the salmon tartar.,1,my friend love the salmon tartar
1214,Extremely Tasty!,1,extrem tasti
1215,Waitress was good though!,1,waitress be good though
1217,The Jamaican mojitos are delicious.,1,the jamaican mojito be delici
1219,- the food is rich so order accordingly.,1,the food be rich so order accordingli
1225,I loved the bacon wrapped dates.,1,i love the bacon wrap date
1226,This is an unbelievable BARGAIN!,1,thi be an unbeliev bargain
1227,The folks at Otto always make us feel so welcome and special.,1,the folk at otto alway make u feel so welcom and special
1229,This is the place where I first had pho and it was amazing!!,1,thi be the place where i first have pho and it be amaz
1230,This wonderful experience made this place a must-stop whenever we are in town again.,1,thi wonder experi make thi place a muststop whenev we be in town again
1232,Very very fun chef.,1,veri veri fun chef
1234,Great place to have a couple drinks and watch any and all sporting events as the walls are covered with TV's.,1,great place to have a coupl drink and watch ani and all sport event a the wall be cover with tv
1237,"I'd say that would be the hardest decision... Honestly, all of M's dishes taste how they are supposed to taste (amazing).",1,id say that would be the hard decis honestli all of m dish tast how they be suppos to tast amaz
1239,"Everyone is very attentive, providing excellent customer service.",1,everyon be veri attent provid excel custom servic
1241,Now this dish was quite flavourful.,1,now thi dish be quit flavour
1246,"Seriously flavorful delights, folks.",1,serious flavor delight folk
1247,Much better than the other AYCE sushi place I went to in Vegas.,1,much good than the other ayc sushi place i go to in vega
1248,The lighting is just dark enough to set the mood.,1,the light be just dark enough to set the mood
1250,Owner's are really great people.!,1,owner be realli great peopl
1252,The Greek dressing was very creamy and flavorful.,1,the greek dress be veri creami and flavor
1254,Now the pizza itself was good the peanut sauce was very tasty.,1,now the pizza itself be good the peanut sauc be veri tasti
1255,We had 7 at our table and the service was pretty fast.,1,we have 7 at our tabl and the servic be pretti fast
1256,Fantastic service here.,1,fantast servic here
1258,They know how to make them here.,1,they know how to make them here
1260,I hope this place sticks around.,1,i hope thi place stick around
1262,The restaurant atmosphere was exquisite.,1,the restaur atmospher be exquisit
1263,"Good service, very clean, and inexpensive, to boot!",1,good servic veri clean and inexpens to boot
1264,The seafood was fresh and generous in portion.,1,the seafood be fresh and gener in portion
1265,"Plus, it's only 8 bucks.",1,plu it onli 8 buck
1267,"Thus far, have only visited twice and the food was absolutely delicious each time.",1,thu far have onli visit twice and the food be absolut delici each time
1268,Just as good as when I had it more than a year ago!,1,just as good a when i have it more than a year ago
1270,The Veggitarian platter is out of this world!,1,the veggitarian platter be out of thi world
1271,You cant go wrong with any of the food here.,1,you cant go wrong with ani of the food here
1272,You can't beat that.,1,you cant beat that
1273,"Stopped by this place while in Madison for the Ironman, very friendly, kind staff.",1,stop by thi place while in madison for the ironman veri friendli kind staff
1274,The chefs were friendly and did a good job.,1,the chef be friendli and do a good job
1276,I liked the patio and the service was outstanding.,1,i like the patio and the servic be outstand
1277,The goat taco didn't skimp on the meat and wow what FLAVOR!,1,the goat taco didnt skimp on the meat and wow what flavor
1280,I went to Bachi Burger on a friend's recommendation and was not disappointed.,1,i go to bachi burger on a friend recommend and be not disappoint
1284,I would definitely recommend the wings as well as the pizza.,1,i would definit recommend the wing as well a the pizza
1285,Great Pizza and Salads!,1,great pizza and salad
1288,This place is amazing!,1,thi place be amaz
1292,"The staff is great, the food is delish, and they have an incredible beer selection.",1,the staff be great the food be delish and they have an incred beer select
1294,I didn't know pulled pork could be soooo delicious.,1,i didnt know pull pork could be soooo delici
1295,"You get incredibly fresh fish, prepared with care.",1,you get incred fresh fish prepar with care
1297,I love the fact that everything on their menu is worth it.,1,i love the fact that everyth on their menu be worth it
1299,The food was excellent and service was very good.,1,the food be excel and servic be veri good
1300,Good beer & drink selection and good food selection.,1,good beer drink select and good food select
1304,Good Service-check!,1,good servicecheck
1308,"In the summer, you can dine in a charming outdoor patio - so very delightful.",1,in the summer you can dine in a charm outdoor patio so veri delight
1309,I did not expect this to be so good!,1,i do not expect thi to be so good
1310,Fantastic food!,1,fantast food
1312,The food was very good.,1,the food be veri good
1314,"Great food for the price, which is very high quality and house made.",1,great food for the price which be veri high qualiti and hous make
1317,"Back to good BBQ, lighter fare, reasonable pricing and tell the public they are back to the old ways.",1,back to good bbq light fare reason price and tell the public they be back to the old way
1318,"And considering the two of us left there very full and happy for about $20, you just can't go wrong.",1,and consid the two of u leav there veri full and happi for about 20 you just cant go wrong
1319,All the bread is made in-house!,1,all the bread be make inhous
1322,Service was exceptional and food was a good as all the reviews.,1,servic be except and food be a good a all the review
1323,"A couple of months later, I returned and had an amazing meal.",1,a coupl of month later i return and have an amaz meal
1324,Favorite place in town for shawarrrrrrma!!!!!!,1,favorit place in town for shawarrrrrrma
1325,The black eyed peas and sweet potatoes... UNREAL!,1,the black eye pea and sweet potato unreal
1326,You won't be disappointed.,1,you wont be disappoint
1327,"They could serve it with just the vinaigrette and it may make for a better overall dish, but it was still very good.",1,they could serv it with just the vinaigrett and it may make for a good overal dish but it be still veri good
1331,"Both of them were truly unbelievably good, and I am so glad we went back.",1,both of them be truli unbeliev good and i be so glad we go back
1332,"We had fantastic service, and were pleased by the atmosphere.",1,we have fantast servic and be pleas by the atmospher
1334,I love this place.,1,i love thi place
1335,Great service and food.,1,great servic and food
1338,"OMG, the food was delicioso!",1,omg the food be delicioso
1341,"Of all the dishes, the salmon was the best, but all were great.",1,of all the dish the salmon be the best but all be great
1342,The vegetables are so fresh and the sauce feels like authentic Thai.,1,the veget be so fresh and the sauc feel like authent thai
1343,It's worth driving up from Tucson!,1,it worth drive up from tucson
1345,Pretty good beer selection too.,1,pretti good beer select too
1346,"This place is like Chipotle, but BETTER.",1,thi place be like chipotl but good
1347,"Classy/warm atmosphere, fun and fresh appetizers, succulent steaks (Baseball steak!!!!!",1,classywarm atmospher fun and fresh appet succul steak basebal steak
1348,5 stars for the brick oven bread app!,1,5 star for the brick oven bread app
1349,"I have eaten here multiple times, and each time the food was delicious.",1,i have eat here multipl time and each time the food be delici
1352,Everyone is treated equally special.,1,everyon be treat equal special
1354,It was delicious!!!,1,it be delici
1355,"On the good side, the staff was genuinely pleasant and enthusiastic - a real treat.",1,on the good side the staff be genuin pleasant and enthusiast a real treat
1357,As always the evening was wonderful and the food delicious!,1,a alway the even be wonder and the food delici
1358,Best fish I've ever had in my life!,1,best fish ive ever have in my life
1359,(The bathroom is just next door and very nice.),1,the bathroom be just next door and veri nice
1361,This is an Outstanding little restaurant with some of the Best Food I have ever tasted.,1,thi be an outstand littl restaur with some of the best food i have ever tast
1362,Pretty cool I would say.,1,pretti cool i would say
1364,Server did a great job handling our large rowdy table.,1,server do a great job handl our larg rowdi tabl
1367,Would come back again if I had a sushi craving while in Vegas.,1,would come back again if i have a sushi crave while in vega
1368,"The staff are great, the ambiance is great.",1,the staff be great the ambianc be great
1369,He deserves 5 stars.,1,he deserv 5 star
1372,"The dining space is tiny, but elegantly decorated and comfortable.",1,the din space be tini but elegantli decor and comfort
1373,"They will customize your order any way you'd like, my usual is Eggplant with Green Bean stir fry, love it!",1,they will custom your order ani way youd like my usual be eggplant with green bean stir fri love it
1375,Best tacos in town by far!!,1,best taco in town by far
1377,"In an interesting part of town, this place is amazing.",1,in an interest part of town thi place be amaz
1381,They have great dinners.,1,they have great dinner
1382,The service was outshining & I definitely recommend the Halibut.,1,the servic be outshin i definit recommend the halibut
1386,I will come back here every time I'm in Vegas.,1,i will come back here everi time im in vega
1389,Def coming back to bowl next time,1,def come back to bowl next time
1390,"If you want healthy authentic or ethic food, try this place.",1,if you want healthi authent or ethic food tri thi place
1391,I will continue to come here on ladies night andddd date night ... highly recommend this place to anyone who is in the area (;,1,i will continu to come here on ladi night andddd date night highli recommend thi place to anyon who be in the area
1392,"I have been here several times in the past, and the experience has always been great.",1,i have be here sever time in the past and the experi have alway be great
1393,We walked away stuffed and happy about our first Vegas buffet experience.,1,we walk away stuff and happi about our first vega buffet experi
1394,Service was excellent and prices are pretty reasonable considering this is Vegas and located inside the Crystals shopping mall by Aria.,1,servic be excel and price be pretti reason consid thi be vega and locat insid the crystal shop mall by aria
1395,"To summarize... the food was incredible, nay, transcendant... but nothing brings me joy quite like the memory of the pneumatic condiment dispenser.",1,to summar the food be incred nay transcend but noth bring me joy quit like the memori of the pneumat condiment dispens
1397,Kids pizza is always a hit too with lots of great side dish options for the kiddos!,1,kid pizza be alway a hit too with lot of great side dish option for the kiddo
1398,Service is perfect and the family atmosphere is nice to see.,1,servic be perfect and the famili atmospher be nice to see
1399,Cooked to perfection and the service was impeccable.,1,cook to perfect and the servic be impecc
1403,"Great place to eat, reminds me of the little mom and pop shops in the San Francisco Bay Area.",1,great place to eat remind me of the littl mom and pop shop in the san francisco bay area
1404,Today was my first taste of a Buldogis Gourmet Hot Dog and I have to tell you it was more than I ever thought possible.,1,today be my first tast of a buldogi gourmet hot dog and i have to tell you it be more than i ever think possibl
1406,I'll definitely be in soon again.,1,ill definit be in soon again
1407,Food was really good and I got full petty fast.,1,food be realli good and i get full petti fast
1408,Service was fantastic.,1,servic be fantast
1410,I don't know what kind it is but they have the best iced tea.,1,i dont know what kind it be but they have the best ice tea
1411,"Come hungry, leave happy and stuffed!",1,come hungri leav happi and stuff
1413,I can assure you that you won't be disappointed.,1,i can assur you that you wont be disappoint
1417,I really enjoyed eating here.,1,i realli enjoy eat here
1418,First time going but I think I will quickly become a regular.,1,first time go but i think i will quickli becom a regular
1419,"Our server was very nice, and even though he looked a little overwhelmed with all of our needs, he stayed professional and friendly until the end.",1,our server be veri nice and even though he look a littl overwhelm with all of our need he stay profession and friendli until the end
1420,From what my dinner companions told me...everything was very fresh with nice texture and taste.,1,from what my dinner companion tell meeveryth be veri fresh with nice textur and tast
1425,No complaints!,1,no complaint
1426,This is some seriously good pizza and I'm an expert/connisseur on the topic.,1,thi be some serious good pizza and im an expertconnisseur on the topic
1429,These are the nicest restaurant owners I've ever come across.,1,these be the nice restaur owner ive ever come across
1431,We loved the biscuits!!!,1,we love the biscuit
1432,Service is quick and friendly.,1,servic be quick and friendli
1434,So absolutley fantastic.,1,so absolutley fantast
1436,definitely will come back here again.,1,definit will come back here again
1437,I like Steiners because it's dark and it feels like a bar.,1,i like steiner becaus it dark and it feel like a bar
1438,Wow very spicy but delicious.,1,wow veri spici but delici
1439,"If you're not familiar, check it out.",1,if your not familiar check it out
1441,I'd love to go back.,1,id love to go back
1442,"Anyway, this FS restaurant has a wonderful breakfast/lunch.",1,anyway thi f restaur have a wonder breakfastlunch
1444,Each day of the week they have a different deal and it's all so delicious!,1,each day of the week they have a differ deal and it all so delici
1445,"Not to mention the combination of pears, almonds and bacon is a big winner!",1,not to mention the combin of pear almond and bacon be a big winner
1448,"The food is delicious and just spicy enough, so be sure to ask for spicier if you prefer it that way.",1,the food be delici and just spici enough so be sure to ask for spici if you prefer it that way
1449,My ribeye steak was cooked perfectly and had great mesquite flavor.,1,my ribey steak be cook perfectli and have great mesquit flavor
1451,Food was so gooodd.,1,food be so gooodd
1456,"The food was very good and I enjoyed every mouthful, an enjoyable relaxed venue for couples small family groups etc.",1,the food be veri good and i enjoy everi mouth an enjoy relax venu for coupl small famili group etc
1457,Nargile - I think you are great.,1,nargil i think you be great
1458,Best tater tots in the southwest.,1,best tater tot in the southwest
1459,We loved the place.,1,we love the place
1461,The vanilla ice cream was creamy and smooth while the profiterole (choux) pastry was fresh enough.,1,the vanilla ice cream be creami and smooth while the profiterol chou pastri be fresh enough
1462,Im in AZ all the time and now have my new spot.,1,im in az all the time and now have my new spot
1464,The inside is really quite nice and very clean.,1,the insid be realli quit nice and veri clean
1465,The food was outstanding and the prices were very reasonable.,1,the food be outstand and the price be veri reason
1468,"Love the margaritas, too!",1,love the margarita too
1469,This was my first and only Vegas buffet and it did not disappoint.,1,thi be my first and onli vega buffet and it do not disappoint
1470,"Very good, though!",1,veri good though
1472,Great pork sandwich.,1,great pork sandwich
1476,We enjoy their pizza and brunch.,1,we enjoy their pizza and brunch
1477,The steaks are all well trimmed and also perfectly cooked.,1,the steak be all well trim and also perfectli cook
1478,We had a group of 70+ when we claimed we would only have 40 and they handled us beautifully.,1,we have a group of 70 when we claim we would onli have 40 and they handl u beauti
1479,I LOVED it!,1,i love it
1481,"This place is a jewel in Las Vegas, and exactly what I've been hoping to find in nearly ten years living here.",1,thi place be a jewel in la vega and exactli what ive be hop to find in nearli ten year live here
1484,Delicious and I will absolutely be back!,1,delici and i will absolut be back
1485,"This isn't a small family restaurant, this is a fine dining establishment.",1,thi isnt a small famili restaur thi be a fine dine establish
1486,They had a toro tartare with a cavier that was extraordinary and I liked the thinly sliced wagyu with white truffle.,1,they have a toro tartar with a cavier that be extraordinari and i like the thinli slice wagyu with white truffl
1489,How awesome is that.,1,how awesom be that
1490,I will be back many times soon.,1,i will be back mani time soon
1491,The menu had so much good stuff on it i could not decide!,1,the menu have so much good stuff on it i could not decid
1493,CONCLUSION: Very filling meals.,1,conclus veri fill meal
1494,Their daily specials are always a hit with my group.,1,their daili special be alway a hit with my group
1496,The pancake was also really good and pretty large at that.,1,the pancak be also realli good and pretti larg at that
1497,"This was my first crawfish experience, and it was delicious!",1,thi be my first crawfish experi and it be delici
1498,Their monster chicken fried steak and eggs is my all time favorite.,1,their monster chicken fri steak and egg be my all time favorit
1499,Waitress was sweet and funny.,1,waitress be sweet and funni
1500,"I also had to taste my Mom's multi-grain pumpkin pancakes with pecan butter and they were amazing, fluffy, and delicious!",1,i also have to tast my mom multigrain pumpkin pancak with pecan butter and they be amaz fluffi and delici
1502,Cant say enough good things about this place.,1,cant say enough good thing about thi place
1503,The ambiance was incredible.,1,the ambianc be incred
1504,The waitress and manager are so friendly.,1,the waitress and manag be so friendli
1510,"I don't each much pasta, but I love the homemade /hand made pastas and thin pizzas here.",1,i dont each much pasta but i love the homemad hand make pasta and thin pizza here
1511,"Give it a try, you will be happy you did.",1,give it a tri you will be happi you do
1512,By far the BEST cheesecurds we have ever had!,1,by far the best cheesecurd we have ever have
1513,Reasonably priced also!,1,reason price also
1514,Everything was perfect the night we were in.,1,everyth be perfect the night we be in
1515,The food is very good for your typical bar food.,1,the food be veri good for your typic bar food
1517,"At first glance it is a lovely bakery cafe - nice ambiance, clean, friendly staff.",1,at first glanc it be a love bakeri cafe nice ambianc clean friendli staff
1519,"Point your finger at any item on the menu, order it and you won't be disappointed.",1,point your finger at ani item on the menu order it and you wont be disappoint
1520,"Oh this is such a thing of beauty, this restaurant.",1,oh thi be such a thing of beauti thi restaur
1521,If you haven't gone here GO NOW!,1,if you havent go here go now
1524,Those burgers were amazing.,1,those burger be amaz
1527,"Be sure to order dessert, even if you need to pack it to-go - the tiramisu and cannoli are both to die for.",1,be sure to order dessert even if you need to pack it togo the tiramisu and cannoli be both to die for
1528,This was my first time and I can't wait until the next.,1,thi be my first time and i cant wait until the next
1529,The bartender was also nice.,1,the bartend be also nice
1530,Everything was good and tasty!,1,everyth be good and tasti
1531,This place is two thumbs up....way up.,1,thi place be two thumb upway up
1532,"The best place in Vegas for breakfast (just check out a Sat, or Sun.",1,the best place in vega for breakfast just check out a sat or sun
1533,"If you love authentic Mexican food and want a whole bunch of interesting, yet delicious meats to choose from, you need to try this place.",1,if you love authent mexican food and want a whole bunch of interest yet delici meat to choos from you need to tri thi place
1535,An excellent new restaurant by an experienced Frenchman.,1,an excel new restaur by an experienc frenchman
1537,"Great steak, great sides, great wine, amazing desserts.",1,great steak great side great wine amaz dessert
1539,The steak and the shrimp are in my opinion the best entrees at GC.,1,the steak and the shrimp be in my opinion the best entre at gc
1540,I had the opportunity today to sample your amazing pizzas!,1,i have the opportun today to sampl your amaz pizza
1542,The yellowtail carpaccio was melt in your mouth fresh.,1,the yellowtail carpaccio be melt in your mouth fresh
1545,Just spicy enough.. Perfect actually.,1,just spici enough perfect actual
1546,Last night was my second time dining here and I was so happy I decided to go back!,1,last night be my second time din here and i be so happi i decid to go back
1549,My boyfriend and I came here for the first time on a recent trip to Vegas and could not have been more pleased with the quality of food and service.,1,my boyfriend and i come here for the first time on a recent trip to vega and could not have be more pleas with the qualiti of food and servic
1550,"I really do recommend this place, you can go wrong with this donut place!",1,i realli do recommend thi place you can go wrong with thi donut place
1551,Nice ambiance.,1,nice ambianc
1552,I would recommend saving room for this!,1,i would recommend save room for thi
1558,All of the tapas dishes were delicious!,1,all of the tapa dish be delici
1559,I *heart* this place.,1,i heart thi place
1562,A good time!,1,a good time
1563,I believe that this place is a great stop for those with a huge belly and hankering for sushi.,1,i believ that thi place be a great stop for those with a huge belli and hanker for sushi
1564,Generous portions and great taste.,1,gener portion and great tast
1567,Food was delicious!,1,food be delici
1573,"He also came back to check on us regularly, excellent service.",1,he also come back to check on u regularli excel servic
1574,Our server was super nice and checked on us many times.,1,our server be super nice and check on u mani time
1577,Service was good and the company was better!,1,servic be good and the compani be good
1578,The staff are also very friendly and efficient.,1,the staff be also veri friendli and effici
1579,"As for the service: I'm a fan, because it's quick and you're being served by some nice folks.",1,a for the servic im a fan becaus it quick and your be serv by some nice folk
1583,Their steaks are 100% recommended!,1,their steak be 100 recommend
1585,Great food and great service in a clean and friendly setting.,1,great food and great servic in a clean and friendli set
1586,"All in all, I can assure you I'll be back.",1,all in all i can assur you ill be back
1588,"My breakfast was perpared great, with a beautiful presentation of 3 giant slices of Toast, lightly dusted with powdered sugar.",1,my breakfast be perpar great with a beauti present of 3 giant slice of toast lightli dust with powder sugar
1590,Great place fo take out or eat in.,1,great place fo take out or eat in
1591,The waitress was friendly and happy to accomodate for vegan/veggie options.,1,the waitress be friendli and happi to accomod for veganveggi option
1592,OMG I felt like I had never eaten Thai food until this dish.,1,omg i felt like i have never eat thai food until thi dish
1595,The croutons also taste homemade which is an extra plus.,1,the crouton also tast homemad which be an extra plu
1597,It'll be a regular stop on my trips to Phoenix!,1,itll be a regular stop on my trip to phoenix
1598,I really enjoyed Crema Café before they expanded; I even told friends they had the BEST breakfast.,1,i realli enjoy crema café befor they expand i even tell friend they have the best breakfast
1600,I miss it and wish they had one in Philadelphia!,1,i miss it and wish they have one in philadelphia
1602,They also have the best cheese crisp in town.,1,they also have the best chees crisp in town
1603,"Good value, great food, great service.",1,good valu great food great servic
1604,Couldn't ask for a more satisfying meal.,1,couldnt ask for a more satisfi meal
1605,The food is good.,1,the food be good
1606,It was awesome.,1,it be awesom
1608,We made the drive all the way from North Scottsdale... and I was not one bit disappointed!,1,we make the drive all the way from north scottsdal and i be not one bit disappoint
1614,An absolute must visit!,1,an absolut must visit
1615,The cow tongue and cheek tacos are amazing.,1,the cow tongu and cheek taco be amaz
1618,They really want to make your experience a good one.,1,they realli want to make your experi a good one
1622,The grilled chicken was so tender and yellow from the saffron seasoning.,1,the grill chicken be so tender and yellow from the saffron season
1624,Pretty awesome place.,1,pretti awesom place
1625,Ambience is perfect.,1,ambienc be perfect
1629,"The staff is always super friendly and helpful, which is especially cool when you bring two small boys and a baby!",1,the staff be alway super friendli and help which be especi cool when you bring two small boy and a babi
1630,Four stars for the food & the guy in the blue shirt for his great vibe & still letting us in to eat !,1,four star for the food the guy in the blue shirt for hi great vibe still let u in to eat
1631,The roast beef sandwich tasted really good!,1,the roast beef sandwich tast realli good
1633,High-quality chicken on the chicken Caesar salad.,1,highqual chicken on the chicken caesar salad
1635,We were promptly greeted and seated.,1,we be promptli greet and seat
1637,"I was proven dead wrong by this sushi bar, not only because the quality is great, but the service is fast and the food, impeccable.",1,i be prove dead wrong by thi sushi bar not onli becaus the qualiti be great but the servic be fast and the food impecc
1639,This is a good joint.,1,thi be a good joint
1640,The Macarons here are insanely good.,1,the macaron here be insan good
1642,"Our waiter was very attentive, friendly, and informative.",1,our waiter be veri attent friendli and inform
1648,Great food.,1,great food
1651,Great place to relax and have an awesome burger and beer.,1,great place to relax and have an awesom burger and beer
1652,It is PERFECT for a sit-down family meal or get together with a few friends.,1,it be perfect for a sitdown famili meal or get togeth with a few friend
1654,The patio seating was very comfortable.,1,the patio seat be veri comfort
1656,Hands down my favorite Italian restaurant!,1,hand down my favorit italian restaur
1657,"That just SCREAMS ""LEGIT"" in my book...somethat's also pretty rare here in Vegas.",1,that just scream legit in my booksomethat also pretti rare here in vega
1658,It was just not a fun experience.,1,it be just not a fun experi
1659,The atmosphere was great with a lovely duo of violinists playing songs we requested.,1,the atmospher be great with a love duo of violinist play song we request
1660,"I personally love the hummus, pita, baklava, falafels and Baba Ganoush (it's amazing what they do with eggplant!).",1,i person love the hummu pita baklava falafel and baba ganoush it amaz what they do with eggplant
1661,"Very convenient, since we were staying at the MGM!",1,veri conveni sinc we be stay at the mgm
1662,The owners are super friendly and the staff is courteous.,1,the owner be super friendli and the staff be courteou
1663,Both great!,1,both great
1664,Eclectic selection.,1,eclect select
1665,The sweet potato tots were good but the onion rings were perfection or as close as I have had.,1,the sweet potato tot be good but the onion ring be perfect or as close a i have have
1666,The staff was very attentive.,1,the staff be veri attent
1667,And the chef was generous with his time (even came around twice so we can take pictures with him).,1,and the chef be gener with hi time even come around twice so we can take pictur with him
1668,"The owner used to work at Nobu, so this place is really similar for half the price.",1,the owner use to work at nobu so thi place be realli similar for half the price
1671,I promise they won't disappoint.,1,i promis they wont disappoint
1673,What a great double cheeseburger!,1,what a great doubl cheeseburg
1674,Awesome service and food.,1,awesom servic and food
1675,A fantastic neighborhood gem !!!,1,a fantast neighborhood gem
1676,I can't wait to go back.,1,i cant wait to go back
1678,It's a great place and I highly recommend it.,1,it a great place and i highli recommend it
1680,"I gave it 5 stars then, and I'm giving it 5 stars now.",1,i give it 5 star then and im give it 5 star now
1682,Dessert: Panna Cotta was amazing.,1,dessert panna cotta be amaz
1683,"Very good food, great atmosphere.1",1,veri good food great atmosphere1
1684,Damn good steak.,1,damn good steak
1686,"Prices are very reasonable, flavors are spot on, the sauce is home made, and the slaw is not drenched in mayo.",1,price be veri reason flavor be spot on the sauc be home make and the slaw be not drench in mayo
1687,"The decor is nice, and the piano music soundtrack is pleasant.",1,the decor be nice and the piano music soundtrack be pleasant
1688,The steak was amazing...rge fillet relleno was the best seafood plate i have ever had!,1,the steak be amazingrg fillet relleno be the best seafood plate i have ever have
1689,"Good food , good service .",1,good food good servic
1690,It was absolutely amazing.,1,it be absolut amaz
1692,will definitely be back!,1,will definit be back
1693,The sergeant pepper beef sandwich with auju sauce is an excellent sandwich as well.,1,the sergeant pepper beef sandwich with auju sauc be an excel sandwich as well
1694,"Hawaiian Breeze, Mango Magic, and Pineapple Delight are the smoothies that I've tried so far and they're all good.",1,hawaiian breez mango magic and pineappl delight be the smoothi that ive tri so far and theyr all good
1702,Have been going since 2007 and every meal has been awesome!!,1,have be go sinc 2007 and everi meal have be awesom
1703,Our server was very nice and attentive as were the other serving staff.,1,our server be veri nice and attent a be the other serv staff
1704,The cashier was friendly and even brought the food out to me.,1,the cashier be friendli and even bring the food out to me
1706,The atmosphere here is fun.,1,the atmospher here be fun
1708,"Service is quick and even ""to go"" orders are just like we like it!",1,servic be quick and even to go order be just like we like it
1710,"That said, our mouths and bellies were still quite pleased.",1,that say our mouth and belli be still quit pleas
1712,2 Thumbs Up!!,1,2 thumb up
1714,"I loved the grilled pizza, reminded me of legit Italian pizza.",1,i love the grill pizza remind me of legit italian pizza
1715,Only Pros : Large seating area/ Nice bar area/ Great simple drink menu/ The BEST brick oven pizza with homemade dough!,1,onli pro larg seat area nice bar area great simpl drink menu the best brick oven pizza with homemad dough
1716,They have a really nice atmosphere.,1,they have a realli nice atmospher
1718,"After one bite, I was hooked.",1,after one bite i be hook
1720,"Cute, quaint, simple, honest.",1,cute quaint simpl honest
1721,The chicken was deliciously seasoned and had the perfect fry on the outside and moist chicken on the inside.,1,the chicken be delici season and have the perfect fri on the outsid and moist chicken on the insid
1722,"The food was great as always, compliments to the chef.",1,the food be great a alway compliment to the chef
1723,Special thanks to Dylan T. for the recommendation on what to order :) All yummy for my tummy.,1,special thank to dylan t for the recommend on what to order all yummi for my tummi
1724,Awesome selection of beer.,1,awesom select of beer
1725,Great food and awesome service!,1,great food and awesom servic
1726,"One nice thing was that they added gratuity on the bill since our party was larger than 6 or 8, and they didn't expect more tip than that.",1,one nice thing be that they add gratuiti on the bill sinc our parti be larg than 6 or 8 and they didnt expect more tip than that
1728,The Han Nan Chicken was also very tasty.,1,the han nan chicken be also veri tasti
1729,"As for the service, I thought it was good.",1,a for the servic i think it be good
1732,Nicest Chinese restaurant I've been in a while.,1,nice chines restaur ive be in a while
1733,"Overall, I like there food and the service.",1,overal i like there food and the servic
1734,They also now serve Indian naan bread with hummus and some spicy pine nut sauce that was out of this world.,1,they also now serv indian naan bread with hummu and some spici pine nut sauc that be out of thi world
1737,"Try them in the airport to experience some tasty food and speedy, friendly service.",1,tri them in the airport to experi some tasti food and speedi friendli servic
1738,I love the decor with the Chinese calligraphy wall paper.,1,i love the decor with the chines calligraphi wall paper
1739,Never had anything to complain about here.,1,never have anyth to complain about here
1740,The restaurant is very clean and has a family restaurant feel to it.,1,the restaur be veri clean and have a famili restaur feel to it
1745,There was a warm feeling with the service and I felt like their guest for a special treat.,1,there be a warm feel with the servic and i felt like their guest for a special treat
1746,An extensive menu provides lots of options for breakfast.,1,an extens menu provid lot of option for breakfast
1747,"I always order from the vegetarian menu during dinner, which has a wide array of options to choose from.",1,i alway order from the vegetarian menu dure dinner which have a wide array of option to choos from
1749,Wonderful lil tapas and the ambience made me feel all warm and fuzzy inside.,1,wonder lil tapa and the ambienc make me feel all warm and fuzzi insid
1750,"I got to enjoy the seafood salad, with a fabulous vinegrette.",1,i get to enjoy the seafood salad with a fabul vinegrett
1751,"The wontons were thin, not thick and chewy, almost melt in your mouth.",1,the wonton be thin not thick and chewi almost melt in your mouth
1752,"Level 5 spicy was perfect, where spice didn't over-whelm the soup.",1,level 5 spici be perfect where spice didnt overwhelm the soup
1753,We were sat right on time and our server from the get go was FANTASTIC!,1,we be sat right on time and our server from the get go be fantast
1755,"When I'm on this side of town, this will definitely be a spot I'll hit up again!",1,when im on thi side of town thi will definit be a spot ill hit up again
1757,This is a GREAT place to eat!,1,thi be a great place to eat
1758,The jalapeno bacon is soooo good.,1,the jalapeno bacon be soooo good
1760,"Food was good, service was good, Prices were good.",1,food be good servic be good price be good
1764,"I'm so happy to be here!!!""",1,im so happi to be here
1766,One of the few places in Phoenix that I would definately go back to again .,1,one of the few place in phoenix that i would defin go back to again
1767,The block was amazing.,1,the block be amaz
1768,"It's close to my house, it's low-key, non-fancy, affordable prices, good food.",1,it close to my hous it lowkey nonfanc afford price good food
1769,* Both the Hot & Sour & the Egg Flower Soups were absolutely 5 Stars!,1,both the hot sour the egg flower soup be absolut 5 star
1771,Great time - family dinner on a Sunday night.,1,great time famili dinner on a sunday night
1774,The flair bartenders are absolutely amazing!,1,the flair bartend be absolut amaz
1776,These were so good we ordered them twice.,1,these be so good we order them twice
1780,I had a pretty satifying experience.,1,i have a pretti satifi experi
1781,Join the club and get awesome offers via email.,1,join the club and get awesom offer via email
1782,"Perfect for someone (me) who only likes beer ice cold, or in this case, even colder.",1,perfect for someon me who onli like beer ice cold or in thi case even colder
1785,The nachos are a MUST HAVE!,1,the nacho be a must have
1787,"I don't have very many words to say about this place, but it does everything pretty well.",1,i dont have veri mani word to say about thi place but it do everyth pretti well
1788,"The staff is super nice and very quick even with the crazy crowds of the downtown juries, lawyers, and court staff.",1,the staff be super nice and veri quick even with the crazi crowd of the downtown juri lawyer and court staff
1789,"Great atmosphere, friendly and fast service.",1,great atmospher friendli and fast servic
1790,When I received my Pita it was huge it did have a lot of meat in it so thumbs up there.,1,when i receiv my pita it be huge it do have a lot of meat in it so thumb up there
1793,The classic Maine Lobster Roll was fantastic.,1,the classic main lobster roll be fantast
1795,So good I am going to have to review this place twice - once hereas a tribute to the place and once as a tribute to an event held here last night.,1,so good i be go to have to review thi place twice onc herea a tribut to the place and onc a a tribut to an event hold here last night
1796,"The chips and salsa were really good, the salsa was very fresh.",1,the chip and salsa be realli good the salsa be veri fresh
1797,This place is great!!!!!!!!!!!!!!,1,thi place be great
1799,Once you get inside you'll be impressed with the place.,1,onc you get insid youll be impress with the place
1801,And service was super friendly.,1,and servic be super friendli
1803,This place was such a nice surprise!,1,thi place be such a nice surpris
1804,They were golden-crispy and delicious.,1,they be goldencrispi and delici
1806,I could eat their bruschetta all day it is devine.,1,i could eat their bruschetta all day it be devin
1808,"Lastly, the mozzarella sticks, they were the best thing we ordered.",1,lastli the mozzarella stick they be the best thing we order
1809,"The first time I ever came here I had an amazing experience, I still tell people how awesome the duck was.",1,the first time i ever come here i have an amaz experi i still tell peopl how awesom the duck be
1814,I love this place.,1,i love thi place
1815,I can say that the desserts were yummy.,1,i can say that the dessert be yummi
1817,The seasonal fruit was fresh white peach puree.,1,the season fruit be fresh white peach pure
1822,I love that they put their food in nice plastic containers as opposed to cramming it in little paper takeout boxes.,1,i love that they put their food in nice plastic contain a oppos to cram it in littl paper takeout box
1823,The crêpe was delicate and thin and moist.,1,the crêpe be delic and thin and moist
1833,"Best service and food ever, Maria our server was so good and friendly she made our day.",1,best servic and food ever maria our server be so good and friendli she make our day
1834,They were excellent.,1,they be excel
1836,Just had lunch here and had a great experience.,1,just have lunch here and have a great experi
1839,I recently tried Caballero's and I have been back every week since!,1,i recent tri caballero and i have be back everi week sinc
1841,The food came out at a good pace.,1,the food come out at a good pace
1842,"I ate there twice on my last visit, and especially enjoyed the salmon salad.",1,i eat there twice on my last visit and especi enjoy the salmon salad
1847,"In fact I'm going to round up to 4 stars, just because she was so awesome.",1,in fact im go to round up to 4 star just becaus she be so awesom
1850,the potatoes were great and so was the biscuit.,1,the potato be great and so be the biscuit
1852,So flavorful and has just the perfect amount of heat.,1,so flavor and have just the perfect amount of heat
1853,The price is reasonable and the service is great.,1,the price be reason and the servic be great
1856,"Went in for happy hour, great list of wines.",1,go in for happi hour great list of wine
1857,Some may say this buffet is pricey but I think you get what you pay for and this place you are getting quite a lot!,1,some may say thi buffet be pricey but i think you get what you pay for and thi place you be get quit a lot
1860,"This place is pretty good, nice little vibe in the restaurant.",1,thi place be pretti good nice littl vibe in the restaur
1861,Talk about great customer service of course we will be back.,1,talk about great custom servic of cours we will be back
1863,I love their fries and their beans.,1,i love their fri and their bean
1864,Always a pleasure dealing with him.,1,alway a pleasur deal with him
1865,"They have a plethora of salads and sandwiches, and everything I've tried gets my seal of approval.",1,they have a plethora of salad and sandwich and everyth ive tri get my seal of approv
1866,This place is awesome if you want something light and healthy during the summer.,1,thi place be awesom if you want someth light and healthi dure the summer
1867,"For sushi on the Strip, this is the place to go.",1,for sushi on the strip thi be the place to go
1868,"The service was great, even the manager came and helped with our table.",1,the servic be great even the manag come and help with our tabl
1872,"All in all an excellent restaurant highlighted by great service, a unique menu, and a beautiful setting.",1,all in all an excel restaur highlight by great servic a uniqu menu and a beauti set
1873,My boyfriend and i sat at the bar and had a completely delightful experience.,1,my boyfriend and i sat at the bar and have a complet delight experi
1877,Go To Place for Gyros.,1,go to place for gyro
1878,"I love the owner/chef, his one authentic Japanese cool dude!",1,i love the ownerchef hi one authent japanes cool dude
1882,We definately enjoyed ourselves.,1,we defin enjoy ourselv
1888,Seriously killer hot chai latte.,1,serious killer hot chai latt
1890,My boyfriend tried the Mediterranean Chicken Salad and fell in love.,1,my boyfriend tri the mediterranean chicken salad and fell in love
1891,Their rotating beers on tap is also a highlight of this place.,1,their rotat beer on tap be also a highlight of thi place
1894,If you stay in Vegas you must get breakfast here at least once.,1,if you stay in vega you must get breakfast here at least onc
1895,I want to first say our server was great and we had perfect service.,1,i want to first say our server be great and we have perfect servic
1896,The pizza selections are good.,1,the pizza select be good
1897,"I had strawberry tea, which was good.",1,i have strawberri tea which be good
1899,"Overall, a great experience.",1,overal a great experi
1901,Their regular toasted bread was equally satisfying with the occasional pats of butter... Mmmm...!,1,their regular toast bread be equal satisfi with the occasion pat of butter mmmm
1907,The chips and sals a here is amazing!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!,1,the chip and sal a here be amaz
1909,This is my new fav Vegas buffet spot.,1,thi be my new fav vega buffet spot
1922,"Every time I eat here, I see caring teamwork to a professional degree.",1,everi time i eat here i see care teamwork to a profession degre
2001,"Good case, Excellent value.",1,good case excel valu
2002,Great for the jawbone.,1,great for the jawbon
2004,The mic is great.,1,the mic be great
2007,If you are Razr owner...you must have this!,1,if you be razr ownery must have thi
2010,And the sound quality is great.,1,and the sound qualiti be great
2011,He was very impressed when going from the original battery to the extended battery.,1,he be veri impress when go from the origin batteri to the extend batteri
2013,Very good quality though,1,veri good qualiti though
2015,Highly recommend for any one who has a blue tooth phone.,1,highli recommend for ani one who have a blue tooth phone
2017,So Far So Good!.,1,so far so good
2018,Works great!.,1,work great
2021,I bought this to use with my Kindle Fire and absolutely loved it!,1,i buy thi to use with my kindl fire and absolut love it
2023,I have yet to run this new battery below two bars and that's three days without charging.,1,i have yet to run thi new batteri below two bar and that three day without charg
2025,Great Pocket PC / phone combination.,1,great pocket pc phone combin
2026,I've owned this phone for 7 months now and can say that it's the best mobile phone I've had.,1,ive own thi phone for 7 month now and can say that it the best mobil phone ive have
2031,This product is ideal for people like me whose ears are very sensitive.,1,thi product be ideal for peopl like me whose ear be veri sensit
2034,Car charger as well as AC charger are included to make sure you never run out of juice.Highy recommended,1,car charger as well a ac charger be includ to make sure you never run out of juicehighi recommend
2036,It has kept up very well.,1,it have keep up veri well
2038,The case is great and works fine with the 680.,1,the case be great and work fine with the 680
2040,"It has a great camera thats 2MP, and the pics are nice and clear with great picture quality.",1,it have a great camera that 2mp and the pic be nice and clear with great pictur qualiti
2042,Nice headset priced right.,1,nice headset price right
2044,Excellent bluetooth headset.,1,excel bluetooth headset
2045,It has all the features I want,1,it have all the featur i want
2048,This case seems well made.,1,thi case seem well make
2051,good protection and does not make phone too bulky.,1,good protect and do not make phone too bulki
2052,A usable keyboard actually turns a PDA into a real-world useful machine instead of just a neat gadget.,1,a usabl keyboard actual turn a pda into a realworld use machin instead of just a neat gadget
2053,This phone is pretty sturdy and I've never had any large problems with it.,1,thi phone be pretti sturdi and ive never have ani larg problem with it
2054,I love this thing!,1,i love thi thing
2055,Everything about it is fine and reasonable for the price i.e.,1,everyth about it be fine and reason for the price ie
2057,I even dropped this phone into a stream and it was submerged for 15 seconds and it still works great!,1,i even drop thi phone into a stream and it be submerg for 15 second and it still work great
2058,I have been very happy with the 510 and have had NO complaints from any one regarding my sound quality on their end.,1,i have be veri happi with the 510 and have have no complaint from ani one regard my sound qualiti on their end
2061,"I really recommend this faceplates since it looks very nice, elegant and cool.",1,i realli recommend thi facepl sinc it look veri nice eleg and cool
2062,These headphones were a great find - and I think they are perhaps the best purchase I've made in the last several years - seriously.,1,these headphon be a great find and i think they be perhap the best purchas ive make in the last sever year serious
2067,It feels more comfortable than most headsets because I wear glasses and that gets in the way sometimes.,1,it feel more comfort than most headset becaus i wear glass and that get in the way sometim
2068,Great for iPODs too.,1,great for ipod too
2069,This device is great in several situations:1.),1,thi devic be great in sever situations1
2072,Great choice!,1,great choic
2073,Nice docking station for home or work.,1,nice dock station for home or work
2074,This is a beautiful phone.,1,thi be a beauti phone
2075,Love this product.,1,love thi product
2077,This is a great little item.,1,thi be a great littl item
2078,"I love this phone , It is very handy and has a lot of features .",1,i love thi phone it be veri handi and have a lot of featur
2080,I wear it everyday and it holds up very well.,1,i wear it everyday and it hold up veri well
2082,"Well packaged, arrived on time, and works as intended.",1,well packag arriv on time and work as intend
2085,The headsets are easy to use and everyone loves them.,1,the headset be easi to use and everyon love them
2086,This phone works great.,1,thi phone work great
2088,Product was excellent and works better than the verizon one and Boy was it cheaper!,1,product be excel and work well than the verizon one and boy be it cheap
2089,The phone loads super!,1,the phone load super
2091,Made very sturdy.,1,make veri sturdi
2092,Worked great!.,1,work great
2095,Will order from them again!,1,will order from them again
2098,Best I've found so far .... I've tried 2 other bluetooths and this one has the best quality (for both me and the listener) as well as ease of using.,1,best ive found so far ive tri 2 other bluetooth and thi one have the best qualiti for both me and the listen as well a eas of use
2100,Integrated seamlessly with the Motorola RAZR phone.,1,integr seamlessli with the motorola razr phone
2102,Definitely a bargain.,1,definit a bargain
2103,The price was very good and with the free shipping and all it was a good purchase.,1,the price be veri good and with the free ship and all it be a good purchas
2105,"Pros:-Good camera - very nice pictures , also has cool styles like black and white, and more.",1,prosgood camera veri nice pictur also have cool style like black and white and more
2107,"I love my 350 headset.. My Jabra350 bluetooth headset is great, the reception is very good and the ear piece is a comfortable fit.",1,i love my 350 headset my jabra350 bluetooth headset be great the recept be veri good and the ear piec be a comfort fit
2110,"Sound quality on both end is excellent, I use headset to call my wife and ask my wife to use headset to call me !2.",1,sound qualiti on both end be excel i use headset to call my wife and ask my wife to use headset to call me 2
2111,This phone is slim and light and the display is beautiful.,1,thi phone be slim and light and the display be beauti
2112,its a little geeky but i think thats its sex on toast and it rocks and oozes sex right down to its battery embedded sleek stylish leather case.,1,it a littl geeki but i think that it sex on toast and it rock and ooz sex right down to it batteri emb sleek stylish leather case
2113,"Great product, fast shipping!.",1,great product fast ship
2114,Absolutely great.,1,absolut great
2115,The keyboard is a nice compromise between a full QWERTY and the basic cell phone number keypad.,1,the keyboard be a nice compromis between a full qwerti and the basic cell phone number keypad
2117,It is very comfortable on the ear.,1,it be veri comfort on the ear
2118,It has been a winner for us.,1,it have be a winner for u
2119,)Setup couldn't have been simpler.,1,setup couldnt have be simpler
2120,I've tried several different earpieces for my cell phone and this Jabra one is the first one I've found that fits my ear comfortably.,1,ive tri sever differ earpiec for my cell phone and thi jabra one be the first one ive find that fit my ear comfort
2122,Iam very pleased with my purchase.,1,iam veri pleas with my purchas
2124,Gets the job done.,1,get the job do
2125,Great audio!.,1,great audio
2128,"I've only had my bluetooth for a few weeks, but I really like it.",1,ive onli have my bluetooth for a few week but i realli like it
2130,It is so small and you don't even realize that it is there after a while of getting used to it.,1,it be so small and you dont even realiz that it be there after a while of get use to it
2131,The accompanied software is almost brilliant.,1,the accompani softwar be almost brilliant
2132,Headset works great & was packaged nicely to avoid any damage.,1,headset work great be packag nice to avoid ani damag
2133,!I definitly recommend!!,1,i definitli recommend
2136,Very good stuff for the price.,1,veri good stuff for the price
2137,My headset works just peachy-keen.,1,my headset work just peachykeen
2139,Voice recognition is tremendous!,1,voic recognit be tremend
2145,I got this phone on reccomendation from a relative and I'm glad I did.,1,i get thi phone on reccomend from a rel and im glad i do
2152,I had absolutely no problem with this headset linking to my 8530 Blackberry Curve!,1,i have absolut no problem with thi headset link to my 8530 blackberri curv
2153,"I know that sounds funny, but to me it seemed like sketchy technology that wouldn't work well.Well, this one works great.",1,i know that sound funni but to me it seem like sketchi technolog that wouldnt work wellwel thi one work great
2155,This phone is very fast with sending any kind of messages and web browsing is significantly faster than previous phones i have used.,1,thi phone be veri fast with send ani kind of messag and web brows be significantli faster than previou phone i have use
2156,"Nice quality build, unlike some cheap s*** out there.",1,nice qualiti build unlik some cheap s out there
2157,This item is fantastic and works perfectly!,1,thi item be fantast and work perfectli
2158,And I just love the colors!,1,and i just love the color
2159,W810i is just SUPERB.,1,w810i be just superb
2161,Great charger.,1,great charger
2163,Works like a charm; it work the same as the one I got with the phone.,1,work like a charm it work the same a the one i get with the phone
2165,Great Value.,1,great valu
2167,"The look of it is very sharp and the screen is nice and clear, with great graphics.",1,the look of it be veri sharp and the screen be nice and clear with great graphic
2170,EXCELLENT SERVICE!!!!!!!!.,1,excel servic
2173,The iGo chargers and tips are really great.,1,the igo charger and tip be realli great
2174,The file browser offers all the options that one needs.Handsfree is great.,1,the file browser offer all the option that one needshandsfre be great
2175,Superb Phone on a Great Network.,1,superb phone on a great network
2176,"I connected my wife's bluetooth,(Motorola HS850) to my phone and it worked like a charm whether the phone was in my pocket or the case.",1,i connect my wife bluetoothmotorola hs850 to my phone and it work like a charm whether the phone be in my pocket or the case
2182,The sound quality is good and functionality is awesome.,1,the sound qualiti be good and function be awesom
2185,Incredible!.,1,incred
2187,Great phone!.,1,great phone
2191,Any ring tone..Overall good phone to buy..,1,ani ring toneoveral good phone to buy
2192,Lately they have been extremely nice and helpful on the phone.,1,late they have be extrem nice and help on the phone
2195,"Light weight, I hardly notice it is there.",1,light weight i hardli notic it be there
2196,You'll love how thin it is.,1,youll love how thin it be
2200,"The color is even prettier than I thought it would be, and the graphics are incredibly sharp.",1,the color be even pretti than i think it would be and the graphic be incred sharp
2201,All in all I think it was a good investment.,1,all in all i think it be a good invest
2203,The best electronics of the available FM Transmitters.,1,the best electron of the avail fm transmitt
2205,"great headset, very impressed - H500.",1,great headset veri impress h500
2206,"The ""1.2"" mega pixel camera, being a part of a phone, is reasonably good7.",1,the 12 mega pixel camera be a part of a phone be reason good7
2207,I've had this for nearly 2 years and it has worked great for me.,1,ive have thi for nearli 2 year and it have work great for me
2208,Good transmit audio.,1,good transmit audio
2212,Great price also!,1,great price also
2213,"The range is very decent, I've been able to roam around my house with the phone in the living room with no reception/sound quality issues.",1,the rang be veri decent ive be abl to roam around my hous with the phone in the live room with no receptionsound qualiti issu
2214,fast service.,1,fast servic
2215,I would highly recommend this.,1,i would highli recommend thi
2216,I would recommend this.,1,i would recommend thi
2219,I'm still infatuated with this phone.,1,im still infatu with thi phone
2222,"Simple, lightweight and great fit.",1,simpl lightweight and great fit
2225,These are certainly very comfortable and functionality is decent.,1,these be certainli veri comfort and function be decent
2226,I usually don't like headbands but this one is very lightweight & doesn't mess up my hair.,1,i usual dont like headband but thi one be veri lightweight doesnt mess up my hair
2233,Great sound and service.,1,great sound and servic
2234,Really pleased with this product so far.,1,realli pleas with thi product so far
2235,One of my favorite purchases ever.,1,one of my favorit purchas ever
2236,best bluetooth on the market.,1,best bluetooth on the market
2237,Authentic leather with nice shine and comfort .I recommend you this case !!,1,authent leather with nice shine and comfort i recommend you thi case
2238,I was very excited to get this headset because I thought it was really cute.,1,i be veri excit to get thi headset becaus i think it be realli cute
2245,Worth every penny.,1,worth everi penni
2246,Excellent wallet type phone case.,1,excel wallet type phone case
2247,Nice headphones for the price and they work great!,1,nice headphon for the price and they work great
2249,"It is very comfortable to wear as well, which is probably the most important aspect about using a case.",1,it be veri comfort to wear as well which be probabl the most import aspect about use a case
2250,"It's fits like a glove and is strong, secure, and durable.",1,it fit like a glove and be strong secur and durabl
2251,O my gosh the best phone I have ever had.,1,o my gosh the best phone i have ever have
2252,It's very attractive and appears to be of good quality.,1,it veri attract and appear to be of good qualiti
2253,I love all the features and form factor.,1,i love all the featur and form factor
2257,Great Earpiece.,1,great earpiec
2258,Excellent hands free tool.,1,excel hand free tool
2259,Great for using with your home stereo.,1,great for use with your home stereo
2260,Good product - incredible value.,1,good product incred valu
2261,Only had this a month but it's worked flawlessly so far.,1,onli have thi a month but it work flawlessli so far
2262,Works great.,1,work great
2265,Battery life is real good.,1,batteri life be real good
2267,It's a great item.,1,it a great item
2269,Love this headset!,1,love thi headset
2271,Worked perfectly!,1,work perfectli
2273,I gave it 5 stars because of the sound quality.,1,i give it 5 star becaus of the sound qualiti
2275,Reversible plug works great.,1,revers plug work great
2277,Very good phone.,1,veri good phone
2278,"Best of all is the rotating feature, very helpful.",1,best of all be the rotat featur veri help
2279,Comfort for our whole family.,1,comfort for our whole famili
2280,"Good product, good seller.",1,good product good seller
2281,I love this bluetooth!,1,i love thi bluetooth
2283,I am very impressed with this headset from Plantronics.,1,i be veri impress with thi headset from plantron
2284,I got it because it was so small and adorable.,1,i get it becaus it be so small and ador
2285,Great phone!.,1,great phone
2289,"This item is great, installed it, let it charged up overnite and it has been working good every since with no problems",1,thi item be great instal it let it charg up overnit and it have be work good everi sinc with no problem
2290,Great Phone.,1,great phone
2292,Excellent Phone.,1,excel phone
2294,The voice recognition thru the handset is excellent.,1,the voic recognit thru the handset be excel
2295,This is hands down the best phone I've ever had.,1,thi be hand down the best phone ive ever have
2296,"Works great, when my cat attacked the phone he scratched the protective strip instead of destroying the screen.",1,work great when my cat attack the phone he scratch the protect strip instead of destroy the screen
2297,This one works and was priced right.,1,thi one work and be price right
2301,Now I know that I made a wise decision.,1,now i know that i make a wise decis
2302,Someone shouldve invented this sooner.,1,someon shouldv invent thi sooner
2303,Good price.,1,good price
2304,Everything worked on the first try.The device was certainly engineered in a clever way and the construction feels good.,1,everyth work on the first tryth devic be certainli engin in a clever way and the construct feel good
2305,I received it quickly and it works great!!,1,i receiv it quickli and it work great
2306,Has been working great.,1,have be work great
2310,"This is a good battery, and it got here really fast.",1,thi be a good batteri and it get here realli fast
2312,Also its slim enough to fit into my alarm clock docking station without removing the case.,1,also it slim enough to fit into my alarm clock dock station without remov the case
2313,Phone now holds charge like it did when it was new.,1,phone now hold charg like it do when it be new
2316,We have gotten a lot of compliments on it.,1,we have get a lot of compliment on it
2317,This is definitely a must have if your state does not allow cell phone usage while driving.,1,thi be definit a must have if your state do not allow cell phone usag while drive
2319,I love this device.,1,i love thi devic
2320,I am also very happy with the price.,1,i be also veri happi with the price
2323,I was able to do voice dialing in the car with no problem.,1,i be abl to do voic dial in the car with no problem
2325,"good item, low price.",1,good item low price
2330,VERY comfortable.,1,veri comfort
2331,The battery is working well as a replacement for the original that came with the phone over 2 years ago.,1,the batteri be work well a a replac for the origin that come with the phone over 2 year ago
2332,The reception is excellent!,1,the recept be excel
2333,"It fits comfortably in either ear, the sound is clear and loud, and the charge lasts a couple of days.",1,it fit comfort in either ear the sound be clear and loud and the charg last a coupl of day
2334,"very clear, quality sound and you don't have to mess with the sound on your iPod since you have the sound buttons on the headset.",1,veri clear qualiti sound and you dont have to mess with the sound on your ipod sinc you have the sound button on the headset
2340,Excellent sound quality.,1,excel sound qualiti
2343,New Battery works great in phone.,1,new batteri work great in phone
2345,"I've dropped my phone more times than I can say, even on concrete and my phone is still great (knock on wood!).",1,ive drop my phone more time than i can say even on concret and my phone be still great knock on wood
2347,Good audio quality.,1,good audio qualiti
2348,This little device has transformed my organizational capability and made my life a whole lot easier.,1,thi littl devic have transform my organiz capabl and make my life a whole lot easi
2351,Works like a charm.. Works as advertised.,1,work like a charm work a advertis
2352,"Comfortable, Nice Range, Good Battery Life.",1,comfort nice rang good batteri life
2359,"The microphone also works well, but (according to people I have called) it applifies everything.",1,the microphon also work well but accord to peopl i have call it applifi everyth
2360,Nice design and quality.,1,nice design and qualiti
2362,"It is light, easy to use, and has very clear reception and transmission.",1,it be light easi to use and have veri clear recept and transmiss
2364,It definitely was not as good as my S11.,1,it definit be not as good a my s11
2365,awesome device.,1,awesom devic
2367,"I had ordered a motorola data cable, got a very well finished and working product.",1,i have order a motorola data cabl get a veri well finish and work product
2368,Love This Phone.,1,love thi phone
2369,I was looking for this headset for a long time and now that I've got it I couldn't be happier.,1,i be look for thi headset for a long time and now that ive get it i couldnt be happi
2371,Display is excellent and camera is as good as any from that year.,1,display be excel and camera be as good a ani from that year
2372,Battery life is also great!,1,batteri life be also great
2376,Protects the phone on all sides.,1,protect the phone on all side
2378,"Clear Skype Calls, Long Battery Life, Long Range.",1,clear skype call long batteri life long rang
2380,Great Hands Free Device.,1,great hand free devic
2381,"you can even take self portraits with the outside (exterior) display, very cool.",1,you can even take self portrait with the outsid exterior display veri cool
2383,After trying many many handsfree gadgets this is the one that finally works well.,1,after tri mani mani handsfre gadget thi be the one that final work well
2384,Magical Help.,1,magic help
2387,The best phone in market :).,1,the best phone in market
2388,It worked very well.,1,it work veri well
2389,The company shipped my product very promptly and it works well.,1,the compani ship my product veri promptli and it work well
2390,Exactly what I wanted.,1,exactli what i want
2392,This is a great deal.,1,thi be a great deal
2393,"Excellent product, I am very satisfied with the purchase.",1,excel product i be veri satisfi with the purchas
2394,I highly recommend these and encourage people to give them a try.,1,i highli recommend these and encourag peopl to give them a tri
2395,Better than you'd expect.,1,good than youd expect
2397,Great product and price.,1,great product and price
2398,"Sounds good reasonably priced and effective, Its that simple !",1,sound good reason price and effect it that simpl
2401,Very prompt service.,1,veri prompt servic
2402,Excellent product for the price.,1,excel product for the price
2403,Very pleased with this headset.,1,veri pleas with thi headset
2405,I especially love the long battery life.,1,i especi love the long batteri life
2407,Works great.,1,work great
2408,Plantronics Bluetooth Excelent Buy.,1,plantron bluetooth excel buy
2411,I highly recommend this device to everyone!,1,i highli recommend thi devic to everyon
2412,Jawbone Era is awesome too!,1,jawbon era be awesom too
2415,"I have used several phone in two years, but this one is the best.",1,i have use sever phone in two year but thi one be the best
2416,An Awesome New Look For Fall 2000!.,1,an awesom new look for fall 2000
2420,Price is good too.,1,price be good too
2423,I'm using it with an iriver SPINN (with case) and it fits fine.,1,im use it with an iriv spinn with case and it fit fine
2425,"Overall, I am psyched to have a phone which has all my appointments and contacts in and gets great reception.",1,overal i be psych to have a phone which have all my appoint and contact in and get great recept
2426,"every thing on phone work perfectly, she like it.",1,everi thing on phone work perfectli she like it
2428,IT'S REALLY EASY.,1,it realli easi
2429,My Sanyo has survived dozens of drops on blacktop without ill effect.,1,my sanyo have surviv dozen of drop on blacktop without ill effect
2430,Fantastic earphones.,1,fantast earphon
2431,It finds my cell phone right away when I enter the car.,1,it find my cell phone right away when i enter the car
2433,I highly recommend this modest priced cellular phone.,1,i highli recommend thi modest price cellular phone
2434,But it does get better reception and clarity than any phone I've had before.,1,but it do get good recept and clariti than ani phone ive have befor
2437,Awsome Device Works Great!!.,1,awsom devic work great
2443,Restored my phone to like new performance.,1,restor my phone to like new perform
2444,"I would recommend purchasing the Jabra JX-10 series 2 which works flawlessly with my Moto Q, go figure.",1,i would recommend purchas the jabra jx10 seri 2 which work flawlessli with my moto q go figur
2445,"I searched the Internet, and found this one to be the best value.",1,i search the internet and find thi one to be the best valu
2447,Very happy with this product.,1,veri happi with thi product
2448,"The screen size is big, key pad lit well enough, and the camera quality is excellent for a camera phone.",1,the screen size be big key pad lit well enough and the camera qualiti be excel for a camera phone
2450,"i'm glad i found this product on amazon it is hard to find, it wasn't high priced.",1,im glad i find thi product on amazon it be hard to find it wasnt high price
2451,Portable and it works.,1,portabl and it work
2452,"My colleague & I now get great reception.A little expensive, but performance is great.",1,my colleagu i now get great receptiona littl expens but perform be great
2456,Timely shipment and quality product.,1,time shipment and qualiti product
2457,Nice solid keyboard.,1,nice solid keyboard
2458,Very well made and fits my Surefire GX2 perfectly.,1,veri well make and fit my surefir gx2 perfectli
2461,We would recommend these to others.,1,we would recommend these to other
2465,The battery works great!,1,the batteri work great
2469,"Looks great and is strong.""",1,look great and be strong
2470,"I have had TMobile service for 2 or 3 years now, and I am pretty happy with it.",1,i have have tmobil servic for 2 or 3 year now and i be pretti happi with it
2473,Great software for Motorolas.,1,great softwar for motorola
2474,The delivery was on time.,1,the deliveri be on time
2475,Very easy to use.,1,veri easi to use
2478,"It holds a charge for a long time, is reasonably comfortable under long-wearing conditions and the quality of sound is tremendous.",1,it hold a charg for a long time be reason comfort under longwear condit and the qualiti of sound be tremend
2480,The keyboard is really worthwhile in usefulness and is sturdy enough I don't expect any problems.,1,the keyboard be realli worthwhil in use and be sturdi enough i dont expect ani problem
2482,"After charging overnight, these batteries work great.",1,after charg overnight these batteri work great
2483,You won't regret it!,1,you wont regret it
2484,I love this phone!.,1,i love thi phone
2490,This PDA rocks.,1,thi pda rock
2491,"It is super charged up for use as a small hybrid palmtop/camera/cellphone, and excels in those roles.",1,it be super charg up for use a a small hybrid palmtopcameracellphon and excel in those role
2492,"I would definitely recommend the Jabra BT250v for those who are looking for comfort, clarity and a great price!",1,i would definit recommend the jabra bt250v for those who be look for comfort clariti and a great price
2493,I had Verizon 2 years ago and really liked their service.,1,i have verizon 2 year ago and realli like their servic
2496,Works as described.,1,work a describ
2499,WELL IM SATISFIED.,1,well im satisfi
2500,"The bose noise cancelling is amazing, which is very important for a NYC commuter.",1,the bose nois cancel be amaz which be veri import for a nyc commut
2501,This battery is an excellent bargain!,1,thi batteri be an excel bargain
2504,I wear glasses and it fits fine with them.,1,i wear glass and it fit fine with them
2508,great...no problems at all!.,1,greatno problem at all
2510,This frog phone charm is adorable and very eye catching.,1,thi frog phone charm be ador and veri eye catch
2512,The sound is clear and the people I talk to on it are amazed at the quality too.,1,the sound be clear and the peopl i talk to on it be amaz at the qualiti too
2513,I got the aluminum case for my new Palm VX and it worked really well--it has protected my handheld perfectly so far.,1,i get the aluminum case for my new palm vx and it work realli wellit have protect my handheld perfectli so far
2514,"very good product, well made.",1,veri good product well make
2515,Mobile Phone Tools are a must have.,1,mobil phone tool be a must have
2516,I am very impressed with the job that Motorola did on the sturdiness of this phone.,1,i be veri impress with the job that motorola do on the sturdi of thi phone
2517,"I received my orders well within the shipping timeframe, everything was in good working order and overall, I am very excited to have this source.",1,i receiv my order well within the ship timefram everyth be in good work order and overal i be veri excit to have thi sourc
2518,The phone is sturdy and waterproof.,1,the phone be sturdi and waterproof
2521,Thanks again to Amazon for having the things I need for a good price!,1,thank again to amazon for have the thing i need for a good price
2522,I ended up sliding it on the edge of my pants or back pockets instead.,1,i end up slide it on the edg of my pant or back pocket instead
2523,I had to go to a store and bought a new NOKIA phone which is working great.,1,i have to go to a store and buy a new nokia phone which be work great
2524,Works great!.,1,work great
2527,The noise shield is incrediable.,1,the nois shield be incredi
2529,Razr Battery - Good buy.,1,razr batteri good buy
2530,Keep up the good work Amazon!!,1,keep up the good work amazon
2534,Great case and price!,1,great case and price
2536,"Bluetooth range is good - a few days ago I left my phone in the trunk, got a call, and carried the conversation without a hitch.",1,bluetooth rang be good a few day ago i leav my phone in the trunk get a call and carri the convers without a hitch
2537,"Small, sleek, impressive looking, practical setup with ample storage in place.",1,small sleek impress look practic setup with ampl storag in place
2538,The eargels channel the sound directly into your ear and seem to increase the sound volume and clarity.,1,the eargel channel the sound directli into your ear and seem to increas the sound volum and clariti
2540,I am glad I purchased it.,1,i be glad i purchas it
2545,"No shifting, no bubbling, no peeling, not even a scratch, NOTHING!I couldn't be more happier with my new one for the Droid.",1,no shift no bubbl no peel not even a scratch nothingi couldnt be more happi with my new one for the droid
2549,"I own a Jabra Earset and was very happy with it, but the sound quality, especially outgoing, on this is better.",1,i own a jabra earset and be veri happi with it but the sound qualiti especi outgo on thi be well
2550,"I love the camera, it's really pretty good quality.",1,i love the camera it realli pretti good qualiti
2551,Thank you for such great service.,1,thank you for such great servic
2552,Its a total package.,1,it a total packag
2553,"The seller is very understanding and patient, I would definitely buy from them again.",1,the seller be veri understand and patient i would definit buy from them again
2556,Great product for the price!.,1,great product for the price
2557,"I have purchased these for both family and friends, and all enjoy their clarity and ease of use",1,i have purchas these for both famili and friend and all enjoy their clariti and eas of use
2558,Virgin Wireless rocks and so does this cheap little phone!,1,virgin wireless rock and so do thi cheap littl phone
2562,"All in all, I'm quite satisfied with this purchase.",1,all in all im quit satisfi with thi purchas
2567,"Great it was new packaged nice works good, no problems and it came in less time then I expected!!!!",1,great it be new packag nice work good no problem and it come in less time then i expect
2568,Great Product.,1,great product
2571,This fixes all the problems.,1,thi fix all the problem
2573,I am very happy,1,i be veri happi
2574,"I've had no trouble accessing the Internet, downloading ringtones or performing any of the functions.",1,ive have no troubl access the internet download rington or perform ani of the function
2578,It does everything the description said it would.,1,it do everyth the descript say it would
2580,"It works great with a car charger, especially if you cannot plug in two adapters at the same time.",1,it work great with a car charger especi if you can not plug in two adapt at the same time
2583,"It plays louder than any other speaker of this size; the price is so low that most would think the quality is lacking, however, it's not.",1,it play louder than ani other speaker of thi size the price be so low that most would think the qualiti be lack howev it not
2584,Better than expected.,1,good than expect
2586,Battery is holding up well.,1,batteri be hold up well
2591,Linked to my phone without effort.,1,link to my phone without effort
2592,THey are so cool!,1,they be so cool
2593,Easy to use.,1,easi to use
2594,Better Than New.,1,good than new
2597,A pretty good product.,1,a pretti good product
2598,This is a great phone!.,1,thi be a great phone
2599,"For the price on Amazon, it is an excellent product, which I would highly recommend.",1,for the price on amazon it be an excel product which i would highli recommend
2600,Their Research and Development division obviously knows what they're doing.,1,their research and develop divis obvious know what theyr do
2602,Those phones are working just fine now.,1,those phone be work just fine now
2603,I am more than happy with this product.,1,i be more than happi with thi product
2606,"Overall, I would recommend this phone over the new Walkman.",1,overal i would recommend thi phone over the new walkman
2609,It fits my ear well and is comfortable on.,1,it fit my ear well and be comfort on
2611,clipping this to your belt will deffinitely make you feel like 50 cent's up-and-coming.,1,clip thi to your belt will deffinit make you feel like 50 cent upandcom
2612,I like design and look of Jabra behing the ear headsets and 5020 is pretty comfortible to wear 24 hours a day without pain in the ear.,1,i like design and look of jabra behe the ear headset and 5020 be pretti comfort to wear 24 hour a day without pain in the ear
2613,I was amazed at the quick arrival of the two original lg cell phone batteries and and at a fraction of the price.,1,i be amaz at the quick arriv of the two origin lg cell phone batteri and and at a fraction of the price
2619,Worked very well paired with a Treo 700w and as a Skype headset on my PC (using a USB Bluetooth transceiver).,1,work veri well pair with a treo 700w and a a skype headset on my pc use a usb bluetooth transceiv
2622,This is a great product..... sure beats using your fingers!.,1,thi be a great product sure beat use your finger
2624,All the other cases I've tried normally fall apart after a few months but this one seems to be in for the long haul.,1,all the other case ive tri normal fall apart after a few month but thi one seem to be in for the long haul
2629,I recommend iGo to anyone with different brand cell phones/mp3 players in the family.,1,i recommend igo to anyon with differ brand cell phonesmp3 player in the famili
2631,"I posted more detailed comments under the grey or black phone, but i have the Fire Red and it's a great color!",1,i post more detail comment under the grey or black phone but i have the fire red and it a great color
2632,I did not have any problem with this item and would order it again if needed.,1,i do not have ani problem with thi item and would order it again if need
2634,"Not only did the software do a great job of this, I could also make my own ringtones form my existing CDs without an internet connection.",1,not onli do the softwar do a great job of thi i could also make my own rington form my exist cd without an internet connect
2635,im surprised this is a good quality car charger and there's not much reviews about it.,1,im surpris thi be a good qualiti car charger and there not much review about it
2636,These are fabulous!,1,these be fabul
2638,I used bitpim (a free program you can find on the internet)to transfer data to the phone.The price of the cable was excellent.,1,i use bitpim a free program you can find on the internetto transfer data to the phoneth price of the cabl be excel
2641,Very wind-resistant.,1,veri windresist
2643,"They do not last forever, but is not overly expensive to replace.Easy to operate and the sound is much better than others I have tried.",1,they do not last forev but be not overli expens to replaceeasi to oper and the sound be much good than other i have tri
2646,Phone is sturdy as all nokia bar phones are.,1,phone be sturdi a all nokia bar phone be
2647,Great phone.,1,great phone
2649,I'm pleased.,1,im pleas
2651,I found the product to be easy to set up and use.,1,i find the product to be easi to set up and use
2655,"No ear loop needed, it's tiny and the sound is great.",1,no ear loop need it tini and the sound be great
2657,"The handsfree part works fine, but then the car tries to download the address book, and the Treo reboots.Overall, I still rate this device high.",1,the handsfre part work fine but then the car tri to download the address book and the treo rebootsoveral i still rate thi devic high
2661,I'm happy about this purchase- good quality and low price.,1,im happi about thi purchas good qualiti and low price
2662,I love the look and feel of Samsung flipphones.,1,i love the look and feel of samsung flipphon
2663,Its well-designed and very sharp -- the blue is a very nice color.,1,it welldesign and veri sharp the blue be a veri nice color
2664,Does everything it should and more.,1,do everyth it should and more
2666,Nice Sound.,1,nice sound
2668,Much less than the jawbone I was going to replace it with.,1,much less than the jawbon i be go to replac it with
2669,Setup went very smoothly.,1,setup go veri smoothli
2673,"It is well made, easy to access the phone and has a handy, detachable belt clip.",1,it be well make easi to access the phone and have a handi detach belt clip
2678,"It works fine on my Motorola 325 cellphone, and a lot better than the worn-out battery did.",1,it work fine on my motorola 325 cellphon and a lot good than the wornout batteri do
2679,The volume for the ringer is REAL good (you have choices how loud).,1,the volum for the ringer be real good you have choic how loud
2683,I love the ringtones because they are so upbeat!,1,i love the rington becaus they be so upbeat
2685,Easy to pair with my Samsung Cell.,1,easi to pair with my samsung cell
2689,Works well.,1,work well
2691,Clear crisp sound.,1,clear crisp sound
2692,"I have to use the smallest earpieces provided, but it stays on pretty well.",1,i have to use the small earpiec provid but it stay on pretti well
2696,The phone can also take great pictures and even video clips.,1,the phone can also take great pictur and even video clip
2698,"Because both ears are occupied, background is not distracting at all.",1,becaus both ear be occupi background be not distract at all
2699,"Comfortable fit - you need your headset to be comfortable for at least an hour at a time, if not for an entire day.",1,comfort fit you need your headset to be comfort for at least an hour at a time if not for an entir day
2701,You can't beat the price on these.,1,you cant beat the price on these
2702,"* Comes with a strong light that you can use to light up your camera shots, and even flash SOS signals (seriously!",1,come with a strong light that you can use to light up your camera shot and even flash so signal serious
2703,lightweight and works well.,1,lightweight and work well
2705,I love this cable - it allows me to connect any mini-USB device to my PC.,1,i love thi cabl it allow me to connect ani miniusb devic to my pc
2707,This is cool because most cases are just open there allowing the screen to get all scratched up.,1,thi be cool becaus most case be just open there allow the screen to get all scratch up
2709,Appears to actually outperform the original battery from China that came with my V325i.,1,appear to actual outperform the origin batteri from china that come with my v325i
2713,"jabra ear gels ""R"" the best!.",1,jabra ear gel r the best
2716,"It quit working after I'd used it for about 18 months, so I just purchased another one because this is the best headset I've ever owned.",1,it quit work after id use it for about 18 month so i just purchas anoth one becaus thi be the best headset ive ever own
2718,It was a great phone.,1,it be a great phone
2720,"Good value, works fine - power via USB, car, or wall outlet.",1,good valu work fine power via usb car or wall outlet
2721,My phone doesn't slide around my car now and the grip prevents my phone from slipping out of my hand.,1,my phone doesnt slide around my car now and the grip prevent my phone from slip out of my hand
2722,This is simply the BEST bluetooth headset for sound quality!,1,thi be simpli the best bluetooth headset for sound qualiti
2724,"In the span of an hour, I had two people exclaim ""Whoa - is that the new phone on TV?!?",1,in the span of an hour i have two peopl exclaim whoa be that the new phone on tv
2725,I have always used corded headsets and the freedom from the wireless is very helpful.,1,i have alway use cord headset and the freedom from the wireless be veri help
2726,"This case has passed the one year mark and while it shows signs of wear, it is 100% functional.",1,thi case have pass the one year mark and while it show sign of wear it be 100 function
2727,"Other than that, the leather is nice and soft; the fit is very tight; the cut out for the face is a good shape.",1,other than that the leather be nice and soft the fit be veri tight the cut out for the face be a good shape
2728,It has everything I need and I couldn't ask for more.,1,it have everyth i need and i couldnt ask for more
2730,This product is great... it makes working a lot easier I can go to the copier while waiting on hold for something.,1,thi product be great it make work a lot easi i can go to the copier while wait on hold for someth
2732,T-Mobile has the best customer service anywhere.,1,tmobil have the best custom servic anywher
2733,Arrived quickly and much less expensive than others being sold.,1,arriv quickli and much less expens than other be sell
2735,"Provides good protection and looks classy, too.",1,provid good protect and look classi too
2736,Krussel Always good.,1,krussel alway good
2737,"The tracfonewebsite is user friendly and makes it easy toactivate, etc.",1,the tracfonewebsit be user friendli and make it easi toactiv etc
2738,The design is very good.4.,1,the design be veri good4
2739,I great reception all the time.,1,i great recept all the time
2740,I would highly recommend this product.,1,i would highli recommend thi product
2745,Fantastic buy and will get again for whatever my next phone is,1,fantast buy and will get again for whatev my next phone be
2747,This BlueAnt Supertooth hands-free phone speaker is AWESOME.,1,thi blueant supertooth handsfre phone speaker be awesom
2749,.... Item arrived quickly and works great with my Metro PCS Samsung SCH-r450 slider phone and Sony Premium Sound in ear plugs.,1,item arriv quickli and work great with my metro pc samsung schr450 slider phone and soni premium sound in ear plug
2750,"It is light, has plenty of battery capacity, and is very confortable to wear for somewhat extended periods of time.",1,it be light have plenti of batteri capac and be veri confort to wear for somewhat extend period of time
2752,Blue Ant is easy to use.,1,blue ant be easi to use
2753,Cheap but hey it works.. Was pleasantly suprised given the low cost of this item.,1,cheap but hey it work be pleasantli supris give the low cost of thi item
2756,It's very convenient and simple to use - gets job done & makes the car ride so much smoother.,1,it veri conveni and simpl to use get job do make the car ride so much smoother
2758,The sound quality is excellent as well.,1,the sound qualiti be excel as well
2759,Its the best headset I have used.,1,it the best headset i have use
2761,They have been around for years and carries the highest quality of anti-glare screen protector that I have found to date.,1,they have be around for year and carri the high qualiti of antiglar screen protector that i have find to date
2762,Just what I wanted.,1,just what i want
2768,Great product.,1,great product
2769,Crisp and Clear.,1,crisp and clear
2773,The reception has been generally good.,1,the recept have be gener good
2774,"Excellent sound, battery life and inconspicuous to boot!.",1,excel sound batteri life and inconspicu to boot
2775,Great bluetooth!.,1,great bluetooth
2776,I highly recommend this case.,1,i highli recommend thi case
2777,WORTHWHILE.,1,worthwhil
2778,This is a great deal.,1,thi be a great deal
2787,It is simple to use and I like it.,1,it be simpl to use and i like it
2788,"It's a great tool for entertainment, communication, and data management.Oh, be sure to use ActiveSync 4.2 for optimal data synchronization results!",1,it a great tool for entertain commun and data managementoh be sure to use activesync 42 for optim data synchron result
2791,I own 2 of these cases and would order another.,1,i own 2 of these case and would order anoth
2792,Great Phone.,1,great phone
2793,I bought this battery with a coupon from Amazon and I'm very happy with my purchase.,1,i buy thi batteri with a coupon from amazon and im veri happi with my purchas
2795,Perfect for the PS3.,1,perfect for the ps3
2796,"Five star Plus, plus.",1,five star plu plu
2797,A good quality bargain.. I bought this after I bought a cheapy from Big Lots that sounded awful and people on the other end couldn't hear me.,1,a good qualiti bargain i buy thi after i buy a cheapi from big lot that sound aw and peopl on the other end couldnt hear me
2800,"Good , works fine.",1,good work fine
2801,For the price this was a great deal.,1,for the price thi be a great deal
2802,"Great price, too!",1,great price too
2804,Yes it's shiny on front side - and I love it!,1,ye it shini on front side and i love it
2807,The reception through this headset is excellent.,1,the recept through thi headset be excel
2808,2 thumbs up to this seller,1,2 thumb up to thi seller
2809,"I have a Verizon LG phone and they work well together, good reception and range that exceeds 20 feet line of sight.",1,i have a verizon lg phone and they work well togeth good recept and rang that exceed 20 foot line of sight
2811,#1 It Works - #2 It is Comfortable.,1,1 it work 2 it be comfort
2812,Battery charge-life is quite long.,1,batteri chargelif be quit long
2813,The Jabra EarGels fit my ears very well.,1,the jabra eargel fit my ear veri well
2816,Product is exactly as described.,1,product be exactli a describ
2817,Gets a signal when other Verizon phones won't.,1,get a signal when other verizon phone wont
2819,I would recommend it.,1,i would recommend it
2820,Plan on ordering from them again and again.,1,plan on order from them again and again
2821,"That being said, for a phone, the camera is very nice; many cool effects to play with, and video is decent as well.",1,that be say for a phone the camera be veri nice mani cool effect to play with and video be decent as well
2822,I have been very satisfied with this cell phone from day one.,1,i have be veri satisfi with thi cell phone from day one
2823,They keep getting better and better (this is my third one and I've had numerous Palms too).,1,they keep get good and well thi be my third one and ive have numer palm too
2825,The shipping time was also very quick!,1,the ship time be also veri quick
2827,Good case!.,1,good case
2829,Really good product.,1,realli good product
2850,It looks very nice.,1,it look veri nice
2851,"This is an excellent tool, especially when paired with your phone's auto-answer.",1,thi be an excel tool especi when pair with your phone autoansw
2852,I have read other's reviews here but I haven't had any problem with it.,1,i have read other review here but i havent have ani problem with it
2854,Comfortable in my hand.,1,comfort in my hand
2857,(It works!),1,it work
2862,So far it has worked like a charm.,1,so far it have work like a charm
2863,"I have only had it for a few weeks, but so far, so good.",1,i have onli have it for a few week but so far so good
2864,"But, in any case, the best part is, you can download these pictures to your laptop using IR, or even send pictures from your laptop to the phone.",1,but in ani case the best part be you can download these pictur to your laptop use ir or even send pictur from your laptop to the phone
2865,Would recommend this item.,1,would recommend thi item
2866,It's been my choice headset for years.Great sound; good volume; good noise cancellation.,1,it be my choic headset for yearsgreat sound good volum good nois cancel
2867,"Nice case, feels good in your hands.",1,nice case feel good in your hand
2869,"Just really good.. So far, probably the best BT headset I have ever had.",1,just realli good so far probabl the best bt headset i have ever have
2870,Works fine.,1,work fine
2871,I received my headset in good time and was happy with it.,1,i receiv my headset in good time and be happi with it
2872,I was very pleased to see that I could replace my well travled swivel holster for my Blackberry flip.,1,i be veri pleas to see that i could replac my well travl swivel holster for my blackberri flip
2873,My sister has one also and she loves it.,1,my sister have one also and she love it
2874,Good Quality.,1,good qualiti
2876,Excellent dual-purpose headset.,1,excel dualpurpos headset
2877,Excellent!.,1,excel
2879,"It seems completely secure, both holding on to my belt, and keeping the iPhone inside.",1,it seem complet secur both hold on to my belt and keep the iphon insid
2882,The only good thing was that it fits comfortably on small ears.,1,the onli good thing be that it fit comfort on small ear
2884,"I am pairing this with my iphone, and I could not be happier with it so far.",1,i be pair thi with my iphon and i could not be happi with it so far
2887,Best headset ever!!!.,1,best headset ever
2889,It was that loud.Glad to say that the Plantronics 510 maintains a flawless connection to my cell and with no static during normal use.,1,it be that loudglad to say that the plantron 510 maintain a flawless connect to my cell and with no static dure normal use
2891,"Fits comfortably, came with three sizes of earbud tips.",1,fit comfort come with three size of earbud tip
2892,Excellent product for the price.,1,excel product for the price
2895,It was quite comfortable in the ear.,1,it be quit comfort in the ear
2896,Great phone.,1,great phone
2899,The pairing of the two devices was so easy it barely took a couple minutes before I started making calls with the voice dialing feature.,1,the pair of the two devic be so easi it bare take a coupl minut befor i start make call with the voic dial featur
2902,The cutouts and buttons are placed perfectly.,1,the cutout and button be place perfectli
2903,I love being able to use one headset for both by land-line and cell.,1,i love be abl to use one headset for both by landlin and cell
2906,"But despite these few flaws, this case is of exceptional quality and well worth the additional costs of owning an official OEM product.",1,but despit these few flaw thi case be of except qualiti and well worth the addit cost of own an offici oem product
2908,"I can hear while I'm driving in the car, and usually don't even have to put it on it's loudest setting.",1,i can hear while im drive in the car and usual dont even have to put it on it loud set
2909,Seller shipped quickly and much cheaper than the competitors.,1,seller ship quickli and much cheap than the competitor
2910,"Good show, Samsung.",1,good show samsung
2911,So I bought about 10 of these and saved alot of money.,1,so i buy about 10 of these and save alot of money
2917,Leopard Print is wonderfully wild!.,1,leopard print be wonder wild
2918,Works for me.,1,work for me
2920,much better than the hard plastic cases.,1,much good than the hard plastic case
2922,Happy so far!.,1,happi so far
2923,cool phone.,1,cool phone
2924,Works good.,1,work good
2925,Motorola finally got the voice quality of a bluetooth headset right.,1,motorola final get the voic qualiti of a bluetooth headset right
2927,"but it is great, i would really recommend it",1,but it be great i would realli recommend it
2934,"You get extra minutes so that you can carry out the call and not get cut off.""",1,you get extra minut so that you can carri out the call and not get cut off
2937,The headset fulfills my requirements so I am happy with my purchase.,1,the headset fulfil my requir so i be happi with my purchas
2938,Logitech Bluetooth Headset is a 10!.,1,logitech bluetooth headset be a 10
2939,"I like the fact that it rests lightly against your ear, rather than inside.",1,i like the fact that it rest lightli against your ear rather than insid
2940,A lot of websites have been rating this a very good phone and so do I.,1,a lot of websit have be rate thi a veri good phone and so do i
2941,I have tried these cables with my computer and my iPod and it works just fine.,1,i have tri these cabl with my comput and my ipod and it work just fine
2945,It is easy to turn on and off when you are in the car and the volume controls are quite accessable.,1,it be easi to turn on and off when you be in the car and the volum control be quit access
2946,I have had mine for about a year and this Christmas I bought some for the rest of the family.,1,i have have mine for about a year and thi christma i buy some for the rest of the famili
2947,"Otherwise, easy to install and use, clear sound.",1,otherwis easi to instal and use clear sound
2948,nice leather.,1,nice leather
2950,It is a joy to use.,1,it be a joy to use
2952,Very satisifed with that.,1,veri satisif with that
2954,This is the phone to get for 2005.... I just bought my S710a and all I can say is WOW!,1,thi be the phone to get for 2005 i just buy my s710a and all i can say be wow
2956,Just reading on the specs alone makes you say WOW.,1,just read on the spec alon make you say wow
2957,Love it.. Great armband.,1,love it great armband
2958,I really like this product over the Motorola because it is allot clearer on the ear piece and the mic.,1,i realli like thi product over the motorola becaus it be allot clearer on the ear piec and the mic
2960,I exchanged the sony ericson z500a for this and I'm pretty happy with that decision.,1,i exchang the soni ericson z500a for thi and im pretti happi with that decis
2961,I was very impressed with the price of the cases.,1,i be veri impress with the price of the case
2962,Also makes it easier to hold on to.,1,also make it easi to hold on to
2963,"I use this product in a motor control center where there is a lot of high voltage humming from the equipment, and it works great!",1,i use thi product in a motor control center where there be a lot of high voltag hum from the equip and it work great
2964,It's pretty easy.,1,it pretti easi
2967,Beautiful styling though.,1,beauti style though
2971,Excellent product.,1,excel product
2975,It is the best charger I have seen on the market yet.,1,it be the best charger i have see on the market yet
2976,SWEETEST PHONE!!!,1,sweet phone
2977,":-)Oh, the charger seems to work fine.",1,oh the charger seem to work fine
2978,It fits so securely that the ear hook does not even need to be used and the sound is better directed through your ear canal.,1,it fit so secur that the ear hook do not even need to be use and the sound be well direct through your ear canal
